What is the native language of Christiane Cohendy?	German
What is the final year of Atlanta Flames?	1931
What  is Barbara Legrand's position on the field while playing football?	defender
What disease did Warner Jorgenson suffer from?	Alzheimer's cancer
What was the designer of Évry Cathedral's name?	Mario Gariazzo
Which family does Synsphaeria belong to?	Crambidae
What city was Ayelet Zurer born?	Tirana
Which place does Fukrey exist in?	New Jersey
Where did Cameron Hepburn study or work?	Trinity College
What is the home city of Fantasia International Film Festival?	Ottawa
On what celestial body is Mommur Chasma located?	Tethys
What is the position Roberto Trashorras plays in football?	defender
What business published We Dare?	Sony Computer Entertainment
What is the position that Glenn Pennyfather plays called?	winger
Who was the director of When the Raven Flies?	Hrafn Gunther
Which artist is The Winding Path co-written and recorded by?	John Lennon
What noble family was Andreas, Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha part of?	House of Wettin
Which is the date of death for Ephraim Pagit?	1866
In what continent Havola Escarpment located?	North America
Who has acted in the comedy film Ginostra?	Gianni Comencini
Who is the director for The Big Brain?	William A Wellman
What state is Skórnice located?	Gmina Łuchów
What place did União Esportiva play home games at?	Estádio Nhozinho Santos
What team did Rik Smits play for?	Toronto Raptors
Which company is the parent company of Marshalls?	Wesfarmers
Who is the DjVu named after?	Djibor
The person that is the mother of Bejaratana is who?	Mahinda
What was the date of Josef Mai's death?	19 March 1882
In what war did Jesse Orin Creech fight in?	Spanish Civil War
On what date did Battle of Benavente end?	18 October 1809
What university did Doug Smail attend?	University of Michigan
In which position does David Phillips Jones play?	defender
Which was the nationality of Doris Barnett?	French
The date of birth for Robert Holyhead is what?	1828
Of what did Earl Hooker die?	tuber disease
Which historic war did Edgar O. Campbell participate?	Korean War
To which fictional work does Guy Warner belong in?	Home and Away
Which architect was responsible for Obelisk of Montevideo?	José Luis de San Martín
What city is KYCM located?	Alma
What gender is Tanja Damaske of?	
What type of submarine was USS Jimmy Carter classified as?	Los Angeles-class submarine
Which city was the birthplace of Einar Thor?	Estonia
The publisher that published Superstar Ice Hockey is what?	Acclaim Entertainment
Who created Merchandise Mart?	Merchandise Mart
What type of tone does Raimo Sirkiä sing in?	soprano
Which series is The Diplomat's Club a part of?	The Office
Who was The Apes of God illustrated by?	Wanda Gág
The team FC Shoro Bishkek is a member of which sports league?	Belarusian Second League
What vessel type is USS Portsmouth (SSN-707)?	Los Angeles-class cruiser
What is Zoia Ceaușescu's father's name?	Tiberiu Ceaușescu
The date of International Year of Crystallography?	2009
Which state is Detroit Lakes Airport located?	Detroit Lakes Region
When was Rocketdyne abolished?	2014
What was Marie-Claude Bourbonnais's occupation?	writer
What kind of  occupation does Didier Eribon have?	painter
When was the launch date of USA-180?	6 March 2004
In which state is Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District located?	Kelardasht County
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Ningbo Museum?	Ai Weiwei
In which state is Adena Court Apartments located?	New York
The director of Prem Aggan is who?	P Subramaniam
To which series does Daffy Duck in Hollywood belong?	Bob's Burgers
Which programming language is FlyBack written in?	PHP
The country of origin for Rafael Overhead Weapon Station is what?	United States of America
On what planet is Alpha Regio on?	Titan
What town is CBCV-FM liscensed in?	Toronto
Which production company is involved with Teacher Didn't Tell Me?	Channel 4
The country for Main Naa Bhoolungi was what?	New Zealand
What team is Vincent Trocheck on?	Florida Hurricanes
What is the language of Jean Mitry?	German
Which ethnic group does Jacques Domergue belong?	German
What programming language was used to write SharpOS AOT?	SharpOS
Which programming language is Ableton Live written in?	Ableton++
What day was Hot Bird 13C launched?	20 January 2008
What noble family was Halfdan the Mild part of?	House of Munsö
At what location did Peter Alma die?	Toledo
What position does Malcolm Partridge play?	forward
What city was Jarosław Lindner born?	Lublin
Who was Charles Deval's father?	Eugène Deval
Which crime Steady B is considered to have commited?	tax evasion
In what place did Salomon Vredeman de Vries die?	Amsterdam
In which war did Mario de Bernardi fight?	Spanish Civil War
Which is the basis of Bloodworth?	Ian Fleming
Which was the nationality of Capucine?	German
Which series is Never Been Marcused a part of?	Lost
What is the country Blades of Blood is from?	United Kingdom
In what fictional work would you find a character named Carol Groves?	EastEnders
In which conflict did Max Ritter von Müller participate?	Napoleonic Wars
Which was the architect for Walter L. Dodge House?	Irving Kane Pond
Is Lucy Say a male or female?	male
What work of fiction is Hawkgirl located in?	EastEnders
What position in football did Aldo Junior Simoncini play?	goalkeeper
On which date did Jean de Fontaney die?	1680
What is the home venue of São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube?	Baenão
Which was the position that Ana Seneviratne held?	President of Peru
What position did Fritz Kehl have on the rugby field?	defender
What company built Ultimax 100?	LST Corporation
Which airline hub does Coast Air operate out of?	Haugesund Airport, Geiteryggen
What is the university where Walter Whipple went?	Trinity College
What constellation is WASP-4b part of?	Sextans
Which was the position that James Milton Smith held?	bishop
Which fictional universe is Mithral Hall part of?	Highlander universe
What city is Susan Butcher associated with?	Easton
What is the programming language for JRuby?	Ruby
Which gender does Barbara Pittman belong to?	male
To which fictional work does Peggy Jean appear in?	Bob's Burgers
The genus Cephalosporium gramineum is a part of what family?	Hyalosporaceae
What is the team that Theo ten Caat is associated with?	FC Utrecht
What is the conservation status of Rhacophorus lateralis?	critically endangered
Who was the performer of Get Up and Jump?	The Rolling Stones
What voice type does Rosalind Elias have?	mezzo-oprano
Which was the family of Persidia?	Gelechiidae
What constellation is HD 176527 part of?	Ophiuchus
What is Chautauqua Airlines's parent company?	Republic Airways International
What is the name of the company which distributed Dancing Mothers?	Paramount Records
What war did Bill Loxton participate in?	Battle of Britain
What team is Matthew Pewtner affiliated with?	Minnesota Vikings
What is the home city of Rapids!?	Ridgeland
What city is Milan Šrejber associated with?	Bratislava
Where do Syrianska FC play their home games?	Södertälje SK
In what capacity did Wilfried Tekovi play football?	forward
What team is Oliver Robinson associated with?	Toronto Maple Leafs
What series is The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner in?	The Twilight Zone
What is the position Klemen Bolha plays in football?	goaltender
Who created Casa Cogollo?	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
What is the name of New Adventures in Hi-Fi's record label?	Warner Bros
What position did Hamed Lak play in football?	goalkeeper
To which fictional work does Chloe O'Brian appear in?	Glee
The year Olive Sloane died was what?	1957
What material was used for Lion of Venice?	ivory
Whom is Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum named after?	Peterwigwig Ludwig
Who is the Roche lobe named after?	Léon Roche
What city is WJTY located?	Lexington
Which country is Thomas Thistle from?	United Kingdom
What is the name of the Joutseno Church architect?	Josef Joutseno
In what continent Mount Handsley located?	South America
The body of water that Cabramatta Creek is near is what?	Goulburn River
The college Ken Keeler attended was what?	Columbia University
In what fictional work would you find a character named Tanja von Lahnstein?	Verbotene Lieberbach
When did the life of Gongyang of Goryeo end?	18 August 1210
What product does Panel Mine make?	boron
What league was Peoria Mustangs?	Northwest League
What is the vocal range for Paolo Silveri?	countertenor
What year did Wibald die in?	11 May 1822
Who was the discoverer of Bunsen burner?	Bunsen
The astronomical body that Mons Argaeus was located on was what?	Mercury
What country was Fanta Régina Nacro from?	Peru
What date did Adolf Hedin die?	19 June 1882
When did the life of Helga Kurm end?	9 August 2008
What team does Anthony Avent belong to?	Sacramento Kings
What league did San Diego Sunwaves play in the top league for?	Women's Professional Soccer
When did Illawarra Light Railway Museum begin?	1975
What person illustrated Duffy and the Devil?	Margot Kidder
In which year was Strange Parcels formed?	2004
What is the series called that Irish Tweed belongs to?	30 Rock
What city is KCBK located?	San Jose
Which was the position that Emil Jónsson held?	Member of the Scottish Parliament
What is an ecological status of Anisoptera costata?	endangered status
Which river system contains Enco River?	Enco River
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Goggles!?	oggles of the Universe
The person that is the mother of Sigurd Wallin is who?	Dorothea Baird
What town or city does WQLN-FM serve?	Erie
Which show is Priya Kapoor in?	Coronation Street
What company distributed Hollywood Zap!?	Tecmo
The nationality of Ayerdhal is?	Engra
Who was the male parent of Countess Catharina Belgica of Nassau?	William II of Nassau
What is the city of birth of Franz Hermann Reinhold von Frank?	Götz
What town or city does WLYK serve?	Cape Vincent, Vermont
What is the final year of Prime Minister of the Philippines?	1949
Which team does Herry Susilo play for?	Granada CF
What is the team that Hamchétou Maïga is associated with?	Sporting de Goa
What was the name of Princess Tenagnework mother?	Yevgeny Dragunov
What city is the band The Dead 60s from?	Manchester
Which is the basis of AIML?	Mocklamp
Which network does Frontier Theatre appear on?	DuMont Television Channel
When was Oxfordshire History Centre created?	1977
What voice type is Rita Cullis?	mezzo-srano
What position is played by Holly Lincoln?	goalkeeper
The college Bryan Lee O'Malley attended was what?	Harvard University
What was the date of the opening of Saatchi Gallery?	1984
What city is Burak Bilgin from?	Jerusalem
Who directed Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High?	Walt Disney Pictures
Which constellation is formed by Gliese 649?	Sagittarius
What family does Haplocestra belong?	Tortricidae
Which position was held by Guy Fischer?	bishop
What league did Ilva Bagnolese play in the top league for?	3 División 2
What voice type does Andrée Esposito have?	mezzo-srano
The film Rock All Night was directed by who?	John Sturges
What series is the episode The Father Hunt part of?	The Adventures of Nero
The year Esther Blackie died was what?	1958
Which company is the parent company of Jofa?	Fiat Group Automobiles
Who made Pinwheel Galaxy known?	T K Rogers
What network is 15/Love associated with?	VH1
What was Sigurd Lersbryggen's career?	composer
What year was the service entry date for AEG B.I?	1884
Which sports team is Teddy Heri Setiawan playing for?	Persik Kedah
What is Jakub Słowik's birthplace?	Warsaw
What river does Bahr el Zeraf form a part of?	Gulf of Corinth
What species is ARMC6 specific to?	endangered species
What is the position Shang Yi plays in football?	forward
What year was the service entry date for Sinclair Cambridge?	1974
The 781 Kartvelia was discovered by whom?	Grigori Kozintsev
Where did Helmut Preißler live when he died?	Munich
What fictional work does Amram exist in?	Mortal Kombat
Which is the original network of Candid Eye?	ITV
The Burney Treaty was named for whom?	William Burney
Which team does Jukka Veltheim play for?	VfL Bochum
What is the war during which George Bates Nichols Tower was in the armed forces?	Battle of Gettysburg
What war did George Ernest fight in?	Spanish-- American War
What show is Billy Kessler from?	Shortland Street
What was Tyson Kidd's occupation?	ice hockey player
What voice type is Christian Gerhaher?	bass
What body of water does Jamma River join?	Missouri River
What is the series called that Travels with Scout belongs to?	Tom and Jerry
In which fictional work is Boxey a character?	Babylon 5
Who id the director for Tommy Boy?	D W Griffith
Which artist or group performed You, You're a History in Rust?	Nashville
What was the year that PP-91 KEDR entered service?	1993
Which gender is Eugeniusz Bedeniczuk?	tenor
Which is the league of Wolfsberger AC?	Austrian Regional League Central
What is the vocal range for Luigi Infantino?	baritone
What country was Augustin-Norbert Morin from?	Switzerland
Which family is Hamilcoa a part of?	Crambidae
Which artist or group performed Little Sister Leaving Town?	Barry White
Who was the artiste for Jass-Ay-Lay-Dee?	M-Flo
What network did Harry Loves Lisa originally appear on?	TLC
Where was Sherod Santos born?	Lima
Who is the creator of San Francesco al Prato Resurrection?	Pietro Lorenzetti
What continent can you find Sea Lion Tarn?	Europe
What is the position of Vincent Kympat?	Prime Minister of Ghana
Which college or university is related with Malcolm Martineau?	University of Edinburgh
Which programming language is GObject written in?	Java
Which family does Macrocirca belong to?	Tineidae
Is Mariam al-Mansouri a male or female?	
Where did Ida Busbridge study or work?	University of Liverpool
When did 1972 Thandwe crash occur?	16 June 1972
What business published Life Is Strange?	Random House
Which team does Marlos play for?	FC Lugano
Which channel broadcast December Bride?	BBC One
What is the name of the Russborough House architect?	James Cassels
What is the name of the company which distributed Women in the Wind?	Warner Pictures
Which fictional universe is Clayface from?	Transformers universe
What team is Joe Kurth affiliated with?	New York Jets
What city was Ivan Moffat born in?	Colorado Springs
Which ethnic group does Ferdinand Bac belong?	Italian
What town is KJOT liscensed in?	Bakersfield
What was Adelle Davis's cause of death?	ovarian cancer
Who directed the film Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses?	Akihiko Matsuzaki
Of what series is The Label Maker a part of?	The Wire
Which was the record label for You Got the Floor?	Rough Trade Records
Who was the designor of Villa Gazzotti Grimani?	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
What artist was responsible for the creation of Still Life and Street?	Paul Gauguin
What company is Jeep part of?	Chevron Corporation
What was the launch date of Venera 13?	30 September 1981
What is Albert Stone's birthplace?	New Orleans
What is the name of the airport where KrasAir is located?	Yemelyanovo International Airport
Who is the illustrator of The Shrinking of Treehorn?	Edward Ardizzone
What was David Lean's career?	composer
Which singer-songwriter  is Handle Me the fifth studio album of?	Trey Songz
Which family is Servaea a part of?	Geometridae
In which war did John Amherst participate?	Napoleonic Wars
What league did Arizona Heatwave play in the top league for?	USL Premier Development League
Who was the designor of SwordThrust?	Donald J White
When did Sven Jacobsson's death occur?	16 May 1882
The appearance of Judy Brownlee is seen in what work?	Neighbours
Of what country is Benoît Labonté a citizen?	Belgium
The Syrianska FC played home games where?	Södertälje Fotbalstadion
From what city is the band PayPal?	Palo Lumpur
What was the name of the architect who worked on Walt Disney World Dolphin?	A J Bell
To which country does Anne-Marie Irving belong as its citizen?	Canada
Which network broadcasted Preachers of L.A.?	Channel 4
The genus Pseudulvella is a part of what family?	Noctuidae
Which state is Great River Road located?	British Columbia
The artwork Feast of the Rosary was by who?	Giovanni Bellini
What label was responsible for Think Before You Speak?	Epic Records
Which state is Irwin Belk Complex located?	California
Which college or university is related with Robert Orville Anderson?	University of Georgia
What river is Oglio a tributary of?	Lake Lugano
What country did Way of the Dragon originate?	Taiwan
Who is the creator of The Black Adder?	J M Dent
What was the name of the city or state where Falling in Reverse was formed?	Las Angeles
In which year was Roskilde University incepted?	1955
Whom is Agrawal's conjecture named after?	Manoj Agrawal
What is Tatiana Rouba's sex?	midfielder
What celestial body can Geryon Montes be found on?	Pluto
Which college or university is related with Roy Herron?	Royal Military College Sandhurst
What is the university where Richard Sandford went?	University of Cambridge
What is the name of university that educated Marzuki Usman?	University of Washington Law School
On what continent can Cape Leblond be found?	South America
In which year was the service entry date for Shahab-1?	1966
What country was Emmanuel Ukpai from?	Nigeria
Which constellation is formed by PZ Telescopii?	Corona Borealis
Which city was the birthplace of Milica Mandić?	Belgrade
What is the programming language for KPhone?	PHP
What gender class does Marcelo Arriagada belong to?	tenor
What college did Gert Korthof go to?	École Polytechnique
Which city was the birthplace of Joeri Schroyen?	Lierse
Where did Marvin E. Frankel study or work?	Princeton University
What was Robert Gossett's career?	lawyer
In which year Mego Corporation ceased to exist?	1980
Who is Stefan Brecht's mother?	Bertrude Weigel
What series is Rubber Man part of?	The Goodies
When did the discovery or creation of Dagenham idol occur?	1925
What programming language was used to write Calmira?	PHP
When did the life of Alfred Wunderlich end?	19 March 1875
What was It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Picture
What material was used for Lilac Road Bridge?	rubble
What specific type of seafaring vessel was SM UB-122?	German Type UB III destroyer
What person illustrated Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake?	George R R Tolkien
Which league did Onze Estrelas Boa Vista join with?	Boa Vista Island Soccer League
What was the date Antares A-ONE was launched?	21 May 2013
What was Kirby Puckett's career?	boxer
What is the position of Adolf Germann?	bishop
The 579 Sidonia was discovered by whom?	Max Wolf
What was the production company for The Christmas Kid?	Pixar
Who is listed as Carl Tersmeden father?	Erik Tersmeden
What country released MTV Fanaah?	Singapore
What studio produced The Truth About Youth?	First Star Studios
To which country does René Richard belong as its citizen?	Switzerland
Which was the constellation for SN 2005bc?	Lynx
What studio realeased the movie The Last Days of Left Eye?	HBO
What piece of fiction does Amira Masood appear in?	Neighbours
Who is the creator of Mademoiselle Rose?	Henri Matisse
What is the name of the airport where Saratov Airlines is located?	Saratov Tsentralny International Airport
Which was the creator of Biggles?	John Biggles
What year did Tharwat Okasha die in?	5 April 2008
What is the date of Jörg Huffschmid's death?	19 March 2015
What kind of  occupation does Vittorio Zoboli have?	politician
Which was the constellation for KELT-2A?	Andromeda
What was the date of death of John Wisdom?	1958
What fictional work does Anita Roy exist in?	Emmerdale
What university did Phil DeGreg attend?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
What artist was responsible for the creation of Magic Grove?	Mark Forest
In what continent is Mount Lugg in?	South America
What company published Test Drive 4?	Acclaim Entertainment
The birth date of Marie-Christine Gessinger is what?	20 June 1882
What caused Barbara Prammer's death?	kidney cancer
What was the native language of Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues?	German
Which constellation is HD 23079 a part of?	Camelopardalis
The star HD 104304 is part of the constellation known as what?	Boötes
What is the astronomical body that Kinich Ahau Patera is located on?	Ia
The birth date of Aleksandr Ogorodnikov is what?	19 June 1894
The nationality of Marcellus Emants is?	German
What is the name of Araw Oras Tagpuan's record label?	Warner Music Group
What was the date of Battle of Highbury?	2 March 1879
What location hosts Associação Atlética Luziânia's home games?	Estádio Zequinhozinho Santos
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book From Unknown Worlds?	Ernest Emerson
What was the original network of Alpha Scorpio?	ABC3
By which body of water is Remenham located?	River Wey
Which was the position that Hartung Münch held?	bishop
Which corporation created SM U-137?	Kaiserliche Werft Magdeburg
What label was responsible for Alter the Ending?	Endemol Records
What was the record label of Mission to Please?	Warner Bros
Which family does Tymovirus belong to?	Crambidae
What is the product made by UniFirst?	unmanned aircraft
What language is Hot Vidéo written?	Arabic
What company is Ford Otosan part of?	General Motors
Which was the nationality of Émile Bergerat?	English
In what place did Jack Noren die?	London
Which show is Mavis Wilton in?	One Life to Live
What is the name of the state where Spaliny Wielkie is located?	Gmina Łęczna
Who are the stars of the film A Tight Corner?	William Garwood
What is an ecological status of Tor putitora?	critically endangered
Which crime Ryan Hoyt is considered to have commited?	manslaughter
Which series is Back Burners apart of?	The Goodies
What continent is Stoltz Island located on?	South America
The college Ernest Babelon attended was what?	École nationale supérieure des Beaux- Arts
What is the name of Keys to Imagination's record label?	Motown
Whom is DKNY named after?	Auto Union
What city is CBY located?	Cambridge
What year did Accles-Turrell end?	1902
To which country does Bobby Bazini belong as its citizen?	Canada
The voice type of Beverly Sills is what?	mezzo-oprano
Which singer-songwriter  is The Correct Use of Soap the fifth studio album of?	Sick Widows
What is Eloísa Díaz's sex?	
What continent is Lozen Saddle on?	North America
What team uses Chessa Field?	Ohio State University
Who was the original discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA?	Carl A Worsdell
What town is WYFR liscensed in?	Ripley
What city is Heidi El Tabakh associated with?	San Diego
For which sports team does Ondřej Kaše play?	FK Dukla Prague
The country of origin for Cornish Blue is what?	New Zealand
Who was the mother of Alina Fernández?	Patricia de la Garza Fernández
What was the position of Martina Borg?	goaltender
The father of Ulrika Pasch is whom?	Gerhard Pasch
By whom was Nine Guests for a Crime was directed or edited by?	Ferdinando Baldanello
Which player position has been associated with Soumaïla Konaré?	goalkeeper
What football league is Mississippi Storm a part of?	National Premier Leagues NSW
Who was the artiste for I Will Love Again?	Barry White
What vessel type is MSC Opera?	Cannon class destroyer escort
What is the launch date of Soyuz TMA-07M?	23 October 2012
On what date did Soyuz 28 launch?	2 February 1979
What vessel type is Chilean submarine Hyatt (S23)?	Hyatt-class submarine
What is the conservation status of Horsfield's tarsier?	near threatened
On what planet is Eyre Lacuna on?	Lacuna
Which player position does Flavio Córdoba belong to?	goalkeeper
What is the launch date of Soyuz 22?	15 October 1976
What body of water does Cheakamus River join?	Peace River
The person that is the mother of Princess Athena of Denmark is who?	Princess Marie Alexandrine of Saxony
What was Gérard Oury's occupation?	screenwriter
What is the language that Gândirea is in?	Danish
Which sports team is Dančo Celeski a member of?	FK Baník Ostrava
Which crime led to the conviction of Charles Schmid?	blasphemy
What is the gender of Jocelyn Urías?	
Which crime Per Pålsson is considered to have commited?	capital murder
The gender of Nihel Ghoul is what?	male
Which country is José Luis Reséndez from?	Spain
The Belarus was named for whom?	B Belarus
What family does Tridentarius belong?	Tridentarius
What is the country Marco the Magnificent is from?	France
What is the position of Francesco Scipione Maria Borghese?	archbishop
The country for 14.5×114mm was what?	Israel
The publisher that published Blood Warrior is what?	Square Enix
What is Gleb Uspensky's birthplace?	Tomsk
What company published Road Rash 64?	Sega
What was Cristóvão Tezza's occupation?	writer
In what fictional work would you find a character named Tol Eressëa?	Bible
What is the ending year of Second Hungarian Republic?	1931
What studio produced Jimmywork?	The Asylum
What city was Women's Equity Action League formed in?	1968
Was the death of Rudolf Těsnohlídek an accident or suicide?	hunting accident
When did Emmett Williams's death occur?	5 July 2007
Which lady gave birth to Marie-Clementine Bagration?	Clementine Bagration
What artist was responsible for the creation of In Praise of Dreams?	Pablo Picasso
What vessel type is HMAS Geelong (FCPB 215)?	Fremantle class frigate
What position was played by Javier Mendiburu?	defender
What piece of fiction does Ray Dixon appear in?	Emmerdale
Who was the film director that directed From What Is Before?	Lech Majewski
What country released Kabkabou?	France
Who is the Nina Tower named after?	Nina Tower
What country released Star Awards 2000?	Philippines
Of what country is Niki Wories a citizen?	Nigeria
Which was the official year for the approval of 8×56mmR?	1830
At what location did Roch-Ambroise Auguste Bébian die?	Saint-Malo
What city is Radio France associated with?	Radio-Canada
What kind of family is Orectanthe of?	Crambidae
Who is the artist of Beelzebubba?	Elena
Who was Murder on the Zinderneuf designed by?	Jon Freeman-Harrison
Whose direction is Through the Olive Trees?	Abdellatif Kechiche
What was Hans Tobeason's occupation?	actor
What is Hilary Cunningham Scharper's place of employment?	University of Michigan
The father of Li Congyan was who?	Li Quanzhong
On what date was Progress M-04M launched?	3 April 2010
Which is the league of NK Rudar Velenje?	Prva HNL
Who was Lý Chiêu Hoàng's mother?	Lý Chiêu Thị Dung
What work of fiction is Tanja von Lahnstein located in?	Verbotene Lieberbach
Who was the male parent of Raymond de Saussure?	Jean-Baptiste de Saussure
Which company manufactured Westland Wyvern?	Westland Aviation
What is the position of John Schuette?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Who was the mother of Telemachus?	Tethys
What was the name of the architect who worked on Uffizi?	Giorgetto Giugiaro
Which year did Cours-la-Ville end?	1 May 2016
What noble family was Iyasu IV part of?	Solomonic Kingdom
What city did Armand Schönberger live when he died?	Munich
Which state is Lavrean located?	Moselle
Which was the creator of Evil Under the Sun?	William Blakemore
The film Love at Large was directed by who?	William A Wellman
What city is Carl Barton Huffaker from?	Bartonville
What year did Charles Brickett Haddock die in?	1891
The South Maitland Railways 10 Class was produced by whom?	Walkers Limited
What nationality was Nella Bielski?	German
The movie Two Happy Hearts is by whom?	Gian Vittorio Baldi
Which was the record label for Rokenrol?	A&M Records
Who worked on designing Stridsvagn m/37?	Český Kiel
The person that is the mother of Anne Hastings, Countess of Pembroke is who?	Margaret Tudor
What is the name of Triple Mania II's record label?	Mute Records
Which historic war did Withers A. Burress participate?	Vietnam War
When was ONA Group abolished?	2013
The college Walter Bender attended was what?	Harvard University
What was the production company for One Rainy Afternoon?	Columbia Pictures
What is Louis de Bourbon de Vendôme's father's name?	Jean de Vendôme
What is the position of Georg Holzherr?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Of what did Ronald Tree die?	heart attack
What team is Neil Law associated with?	Northampton Saints
What constellation is where NGC 120 is?	120
What was the name of the father of Lucas Cranach the Younger?	Lucas Cranach the Younger
What is the name of the publisher of Tom Swift and His Motor Boat?	Dodd, Mead and Company
What material was used for The Hunters in the Snow?	wood
Which instrument was Transcendental Études written for?	violin
What is the name of the city Yvan Loubier was born in?	Montpellier
What state is Mono Basin located?	San Francisco
The date of Biscari massacre was what?	14 December 1943
Where was Kristína Saalová from?	Slovakia
Of what river is Rough Run a tributary?	Mahoning Creek
What was Haskel Greenfield's occupation?	architect
Which team does Lukáš Rešetár play for?	SK Sigma Olomouc
What production company or companies created The Good Dinosaur?	DreamWorks Animation
In which fictional work is Mileena a character?	The Divine Comedy
Which is the basis of Celebrity Farm?	Jonathan Pryce
The The Black Ice has what character?	Lone Wolf
What continent is The Football located on?	Europe
Where was Mohamed Azima born in?	Dakar
What programming language was used to write GNOME Shell?	GNOME Shell
The film Sins of the Fleshapoids was directed by who?	Terence Winter
Which conflict was SS Nerissa a part of?	Spanish-- American War
The production company responsible for The Big Broadcast is what?	Stunt Records
What voice type does Herta Glaz have?	mezzo-oprano
What series is the episode Brian's Play part of?	Family Channel
At what location did Alfons Goppel die?	Munich
What is the cause of death of Uday Kiran?	suicide
What is the name of the airport where Atlant-Soyuz Airlines is located?	Vympel International Airport
What is the language that Game World Navigator is in?	Japanese
What is the name of the city Cyril Clarke was born in?	Cape Town
What was Alf Key's career?	film director
Which was the position that Pierre de Gondi held?	architect
Which was the record label for Thugs Are Us?	Warner Bros
When was Plymouth Colony abolished?	1683
What company manufactures Translohr?	Abelsbach
The date of death for Alfred Stokes is what?	27 May 1875
What is LG Display's parent company?	LG Corporation
What country was Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans from?	French Republic
Due to which disease did Fred Waring die?	pneumonia
What studio produced Taste the Blood of Dracula?	Hammer Film Films
What was the year that Fedorov Avtomat entered service?	1917
What is the date of death for André Breton?	16 July 1882
What is the university where Geoffrey Thorndike Martin went?	Trinity College
What is the name of the publisher of Glory of Heracles?	Electronic Arts
What group was Edward J. Sponga a member of?	Order of Friars Minor
Which ethnic group does Léopold Bissol belong?	Danish
What label was responsible for Mike Zombie?	Capitol Records
Which production company is involved with Three Secrets?	The Asylum
What is the ending year of Avonside Engine Company?	1940
What is the full date that 26th Torino Film Festival crashed on?	2008
When was Lurquin-Coudert abolished?	1902
Which sex or gender can Sarah Schechter be described as?	male
What was the designer of African Meeting House's name?	Asghar Farhadi
What is the team that Riku Pitkänen is associated with?	HPK
Who was Castle of the Three Dragons designed by?	Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
Which city was the birthplace of Marcell Fodor?	Toulouse
What type of aquatic unit is USS Johnston (DD-557)?	Fletcher-class submarine
What team is Crawford Matthews associated with?	New York Rangers
What type of voice does Anita Hartig have?	mezzo soprano
What is the full date of discovery for Vidovdanka?	1891
Who has acted in the comedy film Man's Enemy?	Dennis Price
What league did West Virginia Illusion play in the top league for?	W-League Elite
What is the name of Love Gift's record label?	Epic Records
What college did Ron C. Mittelhammer go to?	University of California, Berkeley
On what moon or planet can Dorsum Cayeux be found?	Mars
What league was Wairarapa United?	Saint Lucia Gold Division
What is the conservation status of Iberocypris palaciosi?	endangered species
What continent is Lemaire Channel found on?	Antctica
What date did Luis Sales die on?	1818
Which war did Frederic Ives Lord participate in?	Napoleonic Wars
What is an ecological status of Daphnia jollyi?	vast concern
For which sports team does Hassan El Fakiri play?	Sporting Cristal
What city is KNWC-FM located?	Sioux City
When was Svalbard Global Seed Vault founded/built?	26 March 2008
When is the date of birth of D. Andrew Kille?	1962
What year did Palissy end?	1990
Who was the editor of FishBase?	Jeff Minter
What was the date Ariel 1 was launched?	11 December 1962
What group was Walkenried Abbey a member of?	Premonstratensian
What river does Anghel Saligny Bridge cross?	Rhine
What was Joan Tomàs Campasol's team?	SC Monza
What is the status of Elaeocarpus gaussenii?	Data Deficient
What medical condition killed Louis Edwards?	Parkinson's disease
What was the cause of death of Norbert Poehlke?	pneumonia
The director of Even Angels Eat Beans is what?	Vincent Gallo
Which country's citizen was Olegario Lazo Baeza?	Colombia
What studio realeased the movie The Vanishing American?	Paramount Records
Which family does Pogonodaptus belong to?	Pogonodaptidae
What conflict involved Louis G. Chaput?	Philippine-American War
Which was the country for Rubbery Figures?	Canada
What type of universe is Cormyr a fictional character in?	Tolkien's legendarium
What college did Ece Yaşar go to?	University of Michigan
What city did Mickey Coll live when he died?	Belfast
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book An Octopus Followed Me Home?	Dan Clowes
What company was Just Another Blonde released by?	First Star Pictures
Which river system contains Sorgue?	Durance
Who is the mother of Fredrik Reinfeldt?	Ingeborg Reinfeldt
Which series was Left Turn Ahead in?	Star Trek: Enterprise
Who is Catherine of Nassau-Dillenburg's dad?	William I of Nassau-Dillenburg
Who would be the first to discover 953 Painleva?	Benjaminjamin Jekhowsky
What town is WTWA liscensed in?	Toledo
What is the name of Mariano Guerreiro's position?	forward
What status on the endangered list is Calceolaria obtusa?	endangered status
Which was the record label for Hannah Montana Forever?	Avex Trax
Who was Saranggola released by?	Gainsborough Pictures
Where are the home games of FC St. Gallen played?	AFG Academy
On what instrument is Gnossiennes played?	drum
Who is the director of Sadhu Aur Shaitaan?	Dharmendra
In which state is Bardehzi-ye Olya located?	Golestan Province
Which was the production company for Lightning Warrior Raidy?	Konami
Which country is Truus Hennipman a citizen of?	Denmark
Who made SS Lochness?	William Doxford & Sons
When is the date of birth of Arthur Gómez?	19 June 1891
Which family does Josia belong to?	Crambidae
In which war did Jefferson Coates serve?	Spanish-- American War
Which is the basis of Djamileh?	Sneferu
What is the name of the constellation where HD 168625 belongs?	Ophiuchus
Who designed the AP1000?	West Virginia University
What town is WOAM liscensed in?	Omaha
What state is Ha Ha Tonka State Park located?	New Jersey
What college did Reginald Owen go to?	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
What company produced MV Baltic Ace?	Stocznia Raduga
What company was Voodoo Woman released by?	American Experience
The Hôtel du Poët project's architect was who?	Victor Louis
What material was used for Muslin?	mud
Who was the publisher of Rolling Thunder 3?	Ubisoft
What river does Packers Run form a part of?	Susquehanna County
What year was Kolese Gonzaga created?	2003
What is Baruch Plan named after?	Johann Baruch
For what crime was Arthur Allan Thomas prosecuted?	crime against humanity
Who is the performer of Od bižuterije do ćilibara?	Kaděcijevi
What war did Jean-François Jannekeyn participate in?	World War II
In which war/battle did George Ernest fight?	American Civil War
In what place did Wilhelm Wackernagel die?	Dresden
Which is the designer of Twofish?	Jon Callas
Due to which disease did Brian Zimmerman die?	multiple myeloma
Which was the creator of Cheval Rouge?	Henri Matineau
What company built T-70?	Kazan Aircraft Corporation
In what year was Moscow International Film Festival founded?	1957
What airport does Midwest Airlines operate out of?	General Mitchell International Center
When was Curium first discovered?	1844
What is the surface of Simit made of?	bread
What is year of inception of Rock Racing?	1997
What is the name of the instrument Fantasía Bética was composed for?	flute
By which company, System Controller Hub has been manufactured?	Apple Inc
Which was the record label for Buffalo Zone?	Arista Records
What year was Yorkshire Electricity created in?	1947
What is the date of birth for Wayne Eagling?	1961
What vessel type is USS Farragut (DDG-99)?	Wickes-class destroyer
What is the native tongue of Jacq Firmin Vogelaar?	German
Who is the director of the film, Out to Kill?	John G Adolfi
What was the date of HTV-1's launch?	10 August 2009
What kind of family is Colodes of?	Gelechiidae
What is the name of the constellation where Little Ghost Nebula belongs?	Ursa Major
What is the name of the person who designed SimTunes?	Betty Paraskevas
What is the name of the person who designed Children of Mana?	Takeshi Kitano
What network does Pobol y Cwm air on?	BBC Two
In which state is Half Dome located?	New York
What position in football did Daniele Magliocchetti play?	forward
Which is the cause of death of Peter Cheeseman?	Parkinson
Which family does Brachysola belong to?	Lamiinae
In what year did AEG C.I enter service?	1914
What is the place of birth of François-Henri Désérable?	Paris
Where was Christophe Auguin born?	Lyon
What is Winnipeg River a tributary of?	Missouri River
Who was responsible for the discovery of 720 Bohlinia?	Max Wolf
What celestial body can Acidalia Colles be found on?	Acidalia
What is the iucn conservation status of Coahuilan box turtle?	endangered endangered
What sports team was Sumardi a member of?	Persib Bandung
What is the fictional universe that Wensicia appears in?	Tolkien's legendarium
Which state is Allerton Hall located?	England
Who was the publisher of American Journal of Transplantation?	American Society for Transplantation
What city was Ana Juan born?	Barcelona
The 8-Bit Theater is based upon what?	Linkin Park
Which medical condition does Mélanie de Salignac suffer from?	Alzheimer
The year Gustav Antonio Gjessing died was what?	18 February 1891
What city is Carla Esparza from?	Madrid
The Power Rangers Wild Force is based upon what?	Hyakujuu Sentai Shinkenger
The production company for Teen Thay Bhai was what?	PVR Studios
What is the constellation that NGC 1187 is a part of?	Aries
The genus Demeterops is a part of what family?	Carabidae
Which family does Pioprosopus belong to?	Noctuidae
What nationality of Michel Delebarre?	German
Which position was held by Thomas L. Winthrop?	United States Senator
The body of water that Ubagan River is near is what?	Pripyat Gulf
At what location did Benito Quinquela Martín die?	Monte Carlo
The cause of death of Captain Mikey is what?	brain tumor
What instrument is Rosary Sonatas scored for?	orchestra
What city is Abner Lloveras associated with?	Sabadell
What show is Palmer Cortlandt from?	As the World Turns
Which programming language is Yii written in?	Ruby
Which programming language is PyEphem written in?	PHP
Who has acted in the comedy film The Soilers?	John Malkovich
Which  chromosome is related with Endothelial NOS?	chromosomehelial
Which position was held by Schalk Willem Burger?	President of South Africa
Which was the voice type that Gerhard Stolze had?	bass
When was TDRS-B's launch date?	28 December 1986
To which series does Put the Damage On belong?	Scrubs
Who was State Property 2 released by?	Lifetime
Which year did Metronet end?	2005
The father of Deianira is whom?	Deianus
What town is WNJB-FM liscensed in?	Berlin
What kind of family is Delpontia of?	Crambidae
The cause of death for Miriam Mone was what?	ovarian sclerosis
What is the ending year of Alatac?	1913
What is the university where George Salting went?	Harvard University
What company is Sire Records part of?	Warner Bros
Whom is Sikyona named after?	Sicyona Mountains
What year did AKM come into use?	1975
The mother of Andregoto Galíndez is whom?	María Rodríguez León
Who directed Assassin(s)?	Jean-Luc Godard
What label was responsible for I Second That Emotion?	Atlantic Records
The artwork Push, Nevada was by who?	Dave Lebling
What fictional work does Clare Devine exist in?	Coronation Street
Of what series is Timeslides a part of?	Lone Wolf
Where is Chryse Planitia found?	Oberon
What was Sims Reeves's range?	countertenor
What is the name of the director of Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw?	Bobbie Jo
What constellation does Tau Scorpii belong to?	Scutum
What is the name of the airport where GB Airways is located?	Manchester-Boston Regional Airport
Which planet is Asha Patera located?	Iapetus
What university did Glenn MacDonald attend?	University of Glasgow
What is the name of the constellation where 32 Tauri belongs?	Ursa Major
To which fictional work does Jia Baoyu belong in?	Water Margin
Who was Sasha & John Digweed present Delta Heavy released by?	System 3
During which historic war was Richard L. Newhafer an officer?	American Civil War
To which fictional work does Elizabeth Lochley belong in?	Léon: The Professional
Who worked on designing Plundered Hearts?	Amy Grant
What continent contains Midge Lake?	ctica
In which state is Zafan located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
What was the station that aired Let's Paint TV?	MTV2
Which species has the CEBPE gene?	male
Which continent is Heimefront Range in?	North America
What constellation is IC 2177 in?	Aquarius
The main director of A Soldier's Tale was who?	Johannes Guter
In what year was Kaiser Permanente created?	1953
Which continent is Trigrad Gap on?	South America
What is the series that The Science of Illusion is a part of?	Desperate Housewives
In what city did Vincent Rose die?	New Orleans
What city is KMJ-FM located?	Houston
When did the life of Josip Kosor end?	15 March 1882
What is the sex of Serap Aktaş?	male
What is the cause of death of Crowfoot?	tetanus
In what city did Robert Creeley die?	Brantford
Of what river is Bārta a tributary?	Lākta
Where was Gaspard Rinaldi born in?	Lausanne
What town or city does KNHM serve?	San Jose
What town or city does KYMG serve?	Mississauga
When is the date of birth of Rayco García Dauta?	19 March 1884
What is the date of death for Buell Kazee?	7 December 2013
What company produced Pointed Heels?	Paradox Interactive
What company makes Vektor SP1?	Denel Dynamics
What is the name of the city Mārtiņš Porejs was born in?	Lahti
What is the fictional universe that has Clan Chosen?	Star Trek universe
When did the life of Joseph Antonio Emidy end?	1921
Who published Microelectronics International?	Elsevier
The cause of death for Ruby Ross Wood was what?	breast cancer
Who worked on GER Classes S46, D56 and H88?	Adrian Newey
The year that Vermeylenfonds was created was?	1894
What is the name of university that educated Carlos Castillo Peraza?	University of Santo Tomas
In what living being can TMEM143 be found?	male
What is the name of the state where Béni Abbès is located?	Béni Department
What is the conservation status of European badger?	Data Deficient
What is the name of the continent where Sangha River is located?	South America
Where did John H. McArthur study or work?	Harvard University
Which was the record label for In the Streets to Africa?	Roadrunner Records
What network broadcast Dirty Sally?	Fox Film Corporation
What voice type is Irma Reichová?	mezzo soprano
What disease did Karl Weyprecht contract?	tuberculosis the Elder
What voice type does Omar Ebrahim have?	bass
The date of birth for Zymen Danseker is what?	1953
When did Lucila Luciani de Pérez Díaz's death occur?	5 February 2014
What is the position of Ramesses VIII?	Roman Emperor
Which lady Nannina de' Medici was born to?	Madeleine de' Medici
In what constellation can HD 93194 be found?	Crater
What is the name of the constellation where Zeta Virginis belongs?	Vela
How endangered does the iucn consider Cuban crocodile?	crit endangered
What city is the band Ultrabeat from?	London
What is the language of Gerrit Paape?	German
What city did Susan Paul live when he died?	San Diego
Which company is the parent company of Thales Air Defence?	Thales Air Defence
What was the native language of Antoine Joseph Gorsas?	German
When was Woodland Indian and Whistling Swans established?	1949
Which league did UAI Urquiza join with?	Primera D
What is the war during which Paul Ronald Lambers was in the armed forces?	Vietnam War
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Mic Checka?	Cecil B
Who fathered Knud Ibsen?	Jan Ibsen
In what city did Bruno Bartoletti die?	Naples
What is the date of death for Ernesto de Martino?	19 March 1894
What label was responsible for 808s & Heartbreak?	Rawkus Records
What is the language of Cornelis van Eesteren?	German
What is the country Children in Need 2005 is from?	United Nations
To which fictional work does Langley Wallingford belong in?	David Copperfield
Which country's citizen was Nico Vivarelli?	Switzerland
What species is SPEG specific to?	species
What family lineage was Prince Xavier of Bourbon-Parma part of?	Bourbon-Parma dynasty
What kind of family is Mayr's honeyeater of?	B honeyeater
What did Max Bauer die of?	leukemia
In which year Planet Moon Studios ceased to exist?	April 2011
The star HD 187734 is a part of the constellation named what?	Sagitta
Which player position does Danilo Barbosa belong to?	forward
Who was the architect that designed Unipol Tower?	Open Source Research
What town is KSBJ liscensed in?	Bakersfield
What original network is Bluestone 42 on?	Channel 4
Which person was the architect of Aston Hall?	John Thorvalds
What was Toccara Williams's team?	New York Jets
The point in time of Raid on Heath's Farm was what?	1 December 1942
Who made Mitsubishi Cordia?	Mitsubishi Motor Company
What voice type does Željko Lučić have?	soprano
On what date did Barnard Flower expire?	15 May 1875
What studio produced The Purple Vigilantes?	Republic Film Company
What is Bruno Gantillon's country of citizenship?	Canada
What type of aquatic unit is USS Lamson (DD-367)?	Fletcher-class destroyer
Over what river does Médéric Martin Bridge cross?	Rhône
On what date did Progress M-29M lift off?	1 March 2015
Which ethnic group does Jean-François Parot belong?	German
In which state is Pelham Country Club located?	New Jersey
What is the position of Arthur J. Balzer?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Who was the main designer of Hiram Bithorn Stadium?	San Francisco 49ers
Which was the record label for Impeach My Bush?	Capitol Records
Who was the mother of Jeanne Phillips?	Dorothea Phillips
Which crime led to the conviction of Carl Fredrik Ehrensvärd?	blasphemy
What was the cause of death for Herb Hash?	heart failure
What type of aquatic unit is USS Caiman (SS-323)?	Los Angeles-class submarine
Which was the family of Ancistrota?	Tineidae
On what planet is Dorsum Cayeux on?	Mercury
In what fictional work would you find a character named Emily Prentiss?	Passions
Which show is Kimberly Fairchild in?	The Bold and the Bold
Who published Smash Court Tennis Pro Tournament?	Sega
What is the name of the state where One Washington Park is located?	New York
Which is the body of water by Bottrop?	North Sea
What position does Isaac Becerra play on the field?	winger
What is the fictional universe that Tyroc appears in?	Image Universe
What position did Kabelo Dambe play?	winger
By whom was 136 Austria discovered?	Serge Vaudenay
What war did Santiago Albarracín participate in?	Argentine Civil Wars
What league does DFC LUV Graz participate in?	2 Liga Interregional
What is the original network of Good Morning, Miami?	CNBC
What is the conservation status of Smalleyus?	least concern
Who was Prince William of Hesse-Kassel's mother?	Princess Mary of Great Britain
Which designer was responsible for Congress Hall?	Irving Kane Pond
The Whip Hand is part of a what series?	The Whip Hand series
When did Piraeus Athena get discovered?	1952
To which series does Old Rockin' Chair Tom belong?	South Park
What programming language was used to write MakeIndex?	Haskell
What vessel type is USS John D. Edwards (DD-216)?	Clemson-class submarine
What was the death date of Aenne Burda?	1952
In what language is Poul?	Bosnian
What is the name of the BOK Center architect?	Kohn Pedersen Fox
In which state is Kenekou located?	Tayebiyeh Rural District
In what place did Casimir von Arx die?	Gronau
What river is Mowamba River a tributary of?	Tasman Sea
What was Aleixo-Platini Menga's career?	poet
What was Tarung Pabin's occupation?	singer
In which fictional work is Steve Elliot a character?	Ellery Queen
Which position was held by Donna J. Seidel?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
When was Abbey National abolished?	1803
Which league did Barangay Ginebra San Miguel join with?	A-League
What was the native language of Simone Valère?	German
What is the name of the state where Preixens is located?	São Paulo
Who was the star of Pleasant Nights?	Shelley Winters
Who published Journal of Abnormal Psychology?	American Society for Abnormal Psychology
Which company is the parent company of NordStar?	Omni Aviation
In what continent is Friederichsen Glacier in?	Antar
Who is the mother of Princess Athena of Denmark?	Princess Marie Alexandrine of Denmark
What was the cause of death of Neil Heywood?	hunting accident
The 234 Barbara was discovered by whom?	Robert Luther
To which country does Rajesh Jeetah belong as its citizen?	Australia
Which was the voice type that Irene Abendroth had?	mezzo-oprano
What was the record label of Long Tall Sally?	RCA Records
What state is Ash Mahalleh located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
Which airline hub does Armenian International Airways operate out of?	Tbilisi International Airport
What is Wilhelm Rudolf Mann's birthplace?	Mannheim
Which state is Astalak-e Danshur located?	Central District
What day was Transit 3B launched?	22 March 1961
Which family does Eunoumeana belong to?	Geometridae
What was Nebahat Çehre birth country?	Turkish Empire
Who was the architect or designer of Villa Paul Poiret?	Andrea Palladio
Which was the nationality of Yun Heunggil?	Czech
On what network did Cartoon Storybook first play?	Adult Swim
What was Erik Bach's occupation?	actor
What is the constellation that Gliese 638 is a part of?	Lyra
Which country's citizenship does Johannes Kleiman hold?	Sweden
What country released Brice de Nice?	Canada
When did Columba of Rieti die?	1582
Which sex or gender can Mariela González be described as?	
What is the language Łukasz is written in?	Slovak
What artist was responsible for the creation of Spiral Jetty?	George Smith Dugan
Who has acted in the comedy film Bala Panjara?	Mammootty
Of what series is And Straight On 'til Morning a part of?	Gossip Girl
What league was Malchower SV?	Austrian Regional League East
What label was responsible for Who's Making Love?	Columbia Pictures
What company published The Fox in the Attic?	Hodder and Stoughton
What country was Flavio Cipolla from?	France
The nationality of Sonia Petrovna was what?	English
On what date did AAU CubeSat take off?	30 September 2003
Where network aired Breaking Amish?	BBC One
On what date was SpaceX CRS-4 launched?	10 January 2014
What is the conservation status of Shorea dasyphylla?	endangered endangered
What was Arthur Barr-Kemp's occupation?	architect
In what year did Severstal first exist?	1902
On what date did Franz-Joseph Müller von Reichenstein die?	27 September 1809
What company is Sharwood's part of?	United Aircraft Corporation
What is the publisher of Might & Magic Heroes VI?	Ub Software
In what city was Valentin Thurn born in?	Berlin
Where did Emil Jellinek live when he died?	Stuttgart
Which team does Jameka Jones play for?	Atlanta Dream
Which sports team is Tibor Bokros a member of?	GKS Bełchatów
In which war/battle did George Juskalian fight?	Spanish-- American War
What company is Air West Coast part of?	Omni Aviation
What was Federico Biaggi's occupation?	architect
What city was Blood Red Shoes formed in?	Brightonial Heights
Why did Mark Northover die?	prostate cancer
What is the name of the state where Kirrama National Park is located?	Victoria
What football league is Bakılı PFK a part of?	Azerbaijan Premier League
Where did Christopher Dresser live when he died?	Berlin
What type of aquatic unit is USS Lizardfish (SS-373)?	Los Angeles-class submarine
Who has acted in the film Peter Voss, Hero of the Day?	Hans Nielsen
When did the life of Corrado Miraglia end?	15 March 1882
Which was the position that Chiril Gaburici held?	member of the European Parliament
What town is WGRD-FM liscensed in?	Gainesville
What company produced The Gnomes' Great Adventure?	Miracles Entertainment
What year was GWR 4073 Class 5043 Earl of Mount Edgcumbe commissioned?	Marcharrision
To which fictional work does Leon Small belong in?	Shortland Street
Where did Waldemar Pabst live when he died?	Dresden
Who originally recorded Wild Gals A Go-Go?	The Go-Packers
From what city is the band BLØF?	Zeitz
In which state is Kut-e Abdollah Rural District located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
The cause of death for William Fairbanks was what?	yellow fever
What year was Solar Films created in?	2005
What is the name of the state where Mehedeby is located?	Hetepher Municipality
Which was the position that Carlo Caccia Dominioni held?	archbishop
What was Ákos Szarka's team?	Szolnoki MÁV FC
Which place does RoboCop exist in?	Miami
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Louisville (SSN-724)?	Los Angeles-class cruiser
Which river system contains Kräppladiket?	Bolgenach
What network hosts Online Nation?	National Geographic Channel
Who acted in Uthami?	Suresh Oberoi
What is the position of María Monterroso?	President of Mexico
By which body of water is Les Avirons located?	Atlantic Ocean
What town is CJLL-FM liscensed in?	Edmundston
Who is The Cemetery by?	Vincent van Gogh
What was Walter Huston nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Story
In what capacity did Guðný Björk Óðinsdóttir play football?	defenceman
What constellation does 3C 249.1 belong to?	Scorpius
What was the year T-28 entered service?	1931
What college did John Boreham go to?	Eton College
Which was the constellation for HD 92063?	Hydrus
What is the publisher of Arcade Pool?	Sony Computer Entertainment
Who was The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish illustrated by?	David Elliot
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Villa Bílek?	Robert Mallet-Stevens
What cast members where in Thai Mozhi?	Mithun Chakrabarthy
The song or album Aidalai came from which artiste?	Sergio Rubini
What nationality was Zuzana Brzobohatá?	Croatian
What city was Florestano Di Fausto born?	Rome
In what constellation can HD 99109 be found?	Leo Minor
What is the language that Jacinto is in?	Esperanto
The production company responsible for Garfield's Pet Force is what?	Jim Davis and Company
Which was the nationality of Paul Burani?	English
In the film Three Reservists, who was the star?	Lon Chaney
Who is the artist of June Afternoon?	Randy Newman
What is the position of Luiz Gonzaga Bergonzini?	cardinal
Whom is Bochner integral named after?	Vernon Bochner
Who is the creator of Voltri XV?	Steve Barcia
The Lonely Are the Brave is based upon what?	La Mornay
At what location did Olivier Gendebien die?	Lyon
What was Great Hotels's original network?	HBO
On what team is Maxime Ouellet?	Colorado Avalanche
What series is the episode Raised by Another part of?	Buffyverse
What product does Trethewey Mine make?	uranium
What type of voice does Denis Griffiths have?	bass
What is the date of birth for Lawrence William Adamson?	1818
What city is Anne Keothavong from?	New Zealand
What award was The Gay Divorcee nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Film Editing
What is the position of Carlos Francisco Martins Pinheiro?	cardinal
What is the director of The Green Promise?	William Beaudine
Where was Gerardo Chijona born in?	Barcelona
Which channel broadcast Wish You Were Here...??	MTV
Who was Wee Lady Betty directed by?	William A Wellman
At what location did Fulton Oursler die?	Chicago
Which digital media publicised Pirates of the High Seas?	Columbia Lawrie
Which college or university is related with James P. Leary?	Cornell University
What is the name of university that educated Harold Arthur Harris?	University of Glasgow
What was David Botstein's occupation?	screenwriter
What state is Higgins Armory Museum located?	Maryland
Which country's citizenship does Megumi Satsu hold?	Mongolia
Who was the male parent of Hystericalady?	Hystericalady
The gender of Talida Tolnai is what?	soprano
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Páll Klettskarð?	Örebro SK
What piece of fiction does Cy-Kill appear in?	James Bond
Which was the position that Takieddin el-Solh held?	Prime Minister of Egypt
Who is Portrait of Suzanne Bloch by?	Frans Hals
Which was the family of Tajaroceras?	Tortricidae
Which ethnic group does Catherine Mouchet belong?	German
Who is Margaret Shelby's mother?	Charlotte Burton
What family does Diaelurodon belong?	Geometridae
Which fictional universe is Trapster from?	Wildstorm Universe
Who was the architect or designer of Bowling Green Ballpark?	DLR Associates
The film Mystery of the 13th Guest was directed by who?	Maurice Tourneur
What is the name of the state where Nanva is located?	Mazandaran Province
Which team is Marcel Sgualdo a member of?	FC Barcelona
What title is held by Saint Bashnouna?	soprano
Of what river is Tambopata River a tributary?	Madre de Dios Gulf
At what location did José Charlet die?	Toulon
Which is the basis of WebGL?	PHP
What was the name of James III of Cyprus mother?	Isabella of Jerusalem
Which was the gender of Vanesca Nortan?	male
What company built Inmarsat-4A F4?	Thalesaf
At what location did Lílian Lemmertz die?	Lima
What title is held by Zdislava Berka?	blessed
Which league did Philadelphia Atoms join with?	Northwest League
Which was the family of Orchidoideae?	Sclerosomatidae
In football, which position does Kay Voser play?	goaltender
In what war was Rudolf Frank a combatant?	Spanish-- American War
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:VG?	International Organization for Standardize
What was Sona Aslanova's range?	mezzo-srano
Who published Brave Shot?	Nintendo
What is the date of death for Wei Lihuang?	1868
What was the name of the discoverer of 258 Tyche?	William Herschel
What disease did Gaspar DiGregorio have?	heart attack
When was WEFS established?	1997
What team is Valér Kapacina associated with?	VfL Osijek
What was the year of inception of Larz-Kristerz?	1991
What country was Zayd Abu Zayd in?	Iran
What town or city does WRBG-LP serve?	Toledo
Which family is Orbiliopsis a part of?	Buprestidae
The publisher that published MLB Superstars is what?	2K Games
What country did Sell Out! originate?	Australia
In which war did Sam Lesser fought?	World War II
What cause of death was listed for Ryszard Siwiec?	accident
What was the inception year of Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge?	1988
What was Tom Lenihan's occupation?	singer
What does Pont du Garigliano cross over?	Severser
In what continent Blood Falls located?	South America
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Jamie Wright?	Philadelphia Flyers
What continent can you find Wilhelm Archipelago?	Africa
What is the language that Le Voyageur is in?	Catalan
Which airport does Golden Bay Air operate in?	Tinson Pen Aerodrome
The film Unarchigal was directed by who?	P Bhaskaran
What college did John Henry Holland go to?	Harvard University
What type of aquatic unit is USS Macdonough (DD-351)?	Clemson-class destroyer
What was the record label of Toinen?	Sony Music Entertainment
What vessel type is USS Grand Forks (PF-11)?	Ticonderoga-class frigate
What voice type does Iain Paterson have?	countertenor
At what location did Oscar Wisting die?	Budapest
What body of water does Carnahan Run join?	Mahoning Creek
What programming language was used to write Cyn.in?	C++
The date of birth of Constance Mantey is?	1957
What is the constellation that Messier 78 is a part of?	Virgo
What date was Kosmos 221 launched?	24 August 1968
Which artist or group performed Lonesome Standard Time?	The Moody Blues
In what city was Afrizal Malna born?	Toledo
In what continent is Verdikal Gap in?	Africa
Where did Robert Lumsden study or work?	Royal Military College Sandhurst
What was the record label of Abysmal Evenings?	Epic Records
What is the publisher of South Dakota Review?	Duke University
In which war/battle did John Aaron Rawlins fight?	Spanish-- American War
The college Akiva Eldar attended was what?	Cornell University
Which country was Tamer Oyguç in?	Indonesia
What year did 20th government of Turkey start?	1962
What artist was responsible for the creation of Evil Under the Sun?	Mortification
The father of Ribero was who?	Albreto
What product does Cray produce?	cray
What vessel type is USS Drayton (DD-366)?	Porter-class destroyer
In which position does Miroslav Koubek play?	defenceman
Where do Oratório Recreativo Clube play?	Zequinha Roriz
At what location did Antonios Miaoulis die?	Kaunas
What is the continent that Nelson River is located?	Northwest
Where did Corneliu Teodorini live when he died?	Tirana
What constellation does HD 47536 belong to?	Vela
In what place did Mawdud die?	Tartu
What is the country Crusha is from?	Hong Kong
Who is Nebetiunet's dad?	Tiunet
What is the team that Martin Ketteridge is associated with?	Cleveland Browns
On what celestial body is Simeiz Vallis located?	Titan
Who is the paternal progenitor of Henuttaneb?	Sneferu
The star NGC 6355 is part of what constellation?	Tucana
Who are the cast members of Rose and Maloney?	Robert Benchley
Which corporation was Schmidt M1882 created by?	Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft
Who is in The Bakery as a cast member?	Spencer Tracy
The genus Taylorella is a part of what family?	Crambidae
Who was the artiste for Will to Love?	Barry White
What is Mary Begoña's country of original?	Spain
What is the home venue of Pantanal Futebol Clube?	Pantanalão
The country for Shikashika was what?	Iran
On what channel did Mr. Adams and Eve first air?	Seven Network
Which was the architect for George Sturges House?	Irving Gill
Which company is the parent company of Mosenergo?	Caterpillar Inc
The date of birth for Faqir Mohammed is what?	1961
Which was the position that Oscar Cantoni held?	cardinal
What production company was involved in The Ernie Game?	20th Century Fox
Who was the star of Pedicab Driver?	Dennis Hopper
Which family is Potamothrissa a part of?	Geometridae
By which body of water is Deptford located?	Devon River
What was the date of the opening of Skjervøy Bridge?	23 August 1990
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Quenby Hall?	High Sheriff of Leicestes
Who is the director of the film, The Country Mouse?	William Hanna
Which league did FC Waidhofen/Ybbs join with?	Thüringenliga
What is the university where Hassan Naim went?	Harvard University
What voice type is Alois Ander?	baritone
What is the birth place of  Giva?	Bucharest
From what city is the band Guns N' Roses?	Los Vegas
What is the country Giovanna d'Arco is from?	France
What programming language was used to write AmigaOS?	PHP
What was Daniel Rorke's range?	baritone
To which performer does the album 4 in the Morning belong?	Kenny Chesney
What fictional work does Bijan and Manijeh exist in?	Mahabharata
What state is Ciutadilla located?	Province of Catania
The father of Simon Henig is whom?	Christopher Henig
When did Sophie Christiane of Wolfstein's death occur?	8 July 1791
What work of fiction is Marco Silvani located in?	Home and Away
Which place does Kutsal Damacana exist in?	Iraq
What is the conservation status of Rafinesque's big-eared bat?	endangered species
Who worked on Software Star?	Steve Meretzky
Which performer released In Our Heads as it's album?	RIO
Who was Hercle's mother?	Milcie
What is the name of university that educated Bodil Koch?	University of Copenhagen
What kind of medical issue did Zózimo Bulbul have?	murder
What is the name of the stadium where FC Taraz plays home games?	Taraz Central Arena
What is Maria Dunn's sex?	male
What was the designer of Villa Cook's name?	Andrea Palladio
What is the name of the company which distributed The Deadlier Sex?	Roadside Attractions
What was Fizuli Mammedov specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defenceman
What year was it when Hohenzollern Locomotive Works was dissolved?	1918
Who designed the GCR Class 9J?	Thomas G Robinson
In what war did Standish O'Grady Roche fight?	American Civil War
Which country's citizenship does Guro Knutsen Mienna hold?	Denmark
Who is listed as Ignace-Michel-Louis-Antoine d'Irumberry de Salaberry father?	Jacques-Louis-Antoine de Salaberry
Who developed Mirth & Girth?	David Smith
What city was The Wedding Present formed in?	Loughborough
Which corporation created Cutty Sark?	Scott & Lanners
What is the national identity of Petr Ignatenko?	English
In what place did André Barde die?	Montpellier
Who was the main designer of West Memorial Hall?	George Webster
What league was Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard F.C.?	China Premier League
The college George Karreman attended was what?	Harvard University
What artist was responsible for the creation of Dinosaur Adventure 3D?	Bryant Baker
What studio realeased the movie Jologs?	RKO Pictures
What did Loganathan Arumugam die from?	prostate cancer
The nationality of Catherine Quéré was what?	Spanish
What was Joseph Tellechéa's position?	winger
The I Want a Dog was made by whom?	Evanescence
What gender is Anja Dittmer?	male
In what city was Tim Schulz born in?	Bristol
What football position did Mzuvukile Tom play?	winger
Which performer released the album I Got a Lot of Hurtin' Done Today/I've Got My Baby On My Mind?	Sugarland
Who designed the PL-01?	Norinco
Which war did Yang Gensi participate in?	Korean War
Who has acted in the comedy film Airline Disaster?	Dorothy Dalton
What city did Antoine de Margerie live when he died?	Toulouse
Where is Guinevere Planitia found?	Titan
What team does Brian Rowsom belong to?	Boston Celtics
Which was the manufacturer of Oakland Motor Car Company?	General Motor Company
On what date did Battle of Mohi end?	18 May 1864
Which family is Viettentia a part of?	Tineidae
The Castle Freak is based upon what?	System 3
What is the conservation status of Brugmansia arborea?	endangered species
By which body of water is Canada located?	North Sea
To which country does Alex J. Robinson belong as its citizen?	Australia
What was Jun Bernardino cause of death?	hunting accident
What was the war that William Sooy Smith fought in?	World War II
In what city did Victorio Macho die?	Madrid
The team Calgary Callies is a member of which sports league?	Alberta Major League Soccer
The discovery date or year of Andromeda XVIII is?	August 2003
What team did Emma Meesseman play for?	Minnesota Lynx
What is the home city of The Libertines?	New Jersey
At what location did Anselmo Lorenzo die?	Rome
What country was Robert Hockin from?	Australia
What artist was responsible for the creation of Men of the Docks?	William Etty
At what location did Maria Anna Rosa Caiani die?	Naples
What team does Riza Durmisi play for?	Al-Oruba
Which college or university is related with John Samuel Forrest?	Trinity College
What team does Sylvain Côté play for?	Philadelphia Flyers
What is the final year of Lord Chancellor of Ireland?	1939
Which crime led to the conviction of Crazy Titch?	fraud
Who was In Which We Serve directed or edited by?	Nathan Lean
The college Karl F. Morrison attended was what?	University of California, Berkeley
Which was the official year for the approval of Boston and Maine 3713?	March 1934
What river does Yobe River connect to?	Lake Chad
The genus Homoeochroma is a part of what family?	Tortricidae
What species is GPR182 specific to?	male
What family does Aneflomorpha belong?	Aneflomorpha
Who are the cast members of Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan?	Vijayakanth
When is the date of birth of Denis Pearce?	1958
What type of tone does Jane Barbier sing in?	mezzo-srano
The date of birth of Gabriel Ascárate is?	20 January 1986
Was the death of Boudica an accident or suicide?	accident
What company manufactures USS Susanville (PC-1149)?	Defoe Shipyard
What is Sunstate Airlines's parent company?	Qatar Airways
What is the name of the state where Ardindrean is located?	County Galway
What network is Bomb Patrol Afghanistan associated with?	G3
Which was the creator of Pietà for Vittoria Colonna?	Vittorio De Sica
What is the native language of Isabelle Sandy?	German
What country did Wielie Walie originate?	Netherlands
What is the programming language for Open Dynamics Engine?	JavaScript
The point in time of Confoederatio cum principibus ecclesiasticis was when?	26 February 1220
What city is Félix Sardà y Salvany associated with?	Madrid
Is Renné Toney a male or female?	French
The SS Lapland was produced by whom?	Barclay, Curle
What airport is Atlant-Soyuz Airlines associated with?	Vyatka International Airport
Which war was Ernst Wellmann a part of?	Battle of Baden
What piece of fiction does Sisera appear in?	Mortal Kombat
Which sex or gender can Stijn Dejonckheere be described as?	baritone
Which state is Boulder Dam Hotel located?	Colorado
Which place does The Importance of Being Icelandic exist in?	Iceland
Who was the star of Late Extra?	James Stewart
What company built SPYDER?	Rafael Advanced Defense Technology
When is the date of birth of Gábor Dvorschák?	3 February 1891
What series is The Web of Fear in?	Lone Wolf
What is the product made by Kyuchus mine?	silver
Who discovered the Coriolis force?	Gaspard de Coriolis
What type of voice does Mikhail Ivanovich Mikhaylov have?	baritone
What voice type is Diamante Maria Scarabelli?	contralto
The distributor of Cold Weather is whom?	Iberia Pictures
What is the date of death for António Campos?	1921
What was Jane Manning's range?	contralto
On what celestial body is Minio Vallis located?	Moon
When did Garnet Braybrook die?	1957
Which was the voice type that Anne Sofie von Otter had?	contralto
Which was the nationality of Joseph Albert Alberdingk Thijm?	German
Under whose direction was La Symphonie fantastique produced?	Jean-Pierre Mocky
What is the name of the fictional universe that Batcave is from?	Image Universe
What body of water does Chuluut River join?	Yamuna River
The appearance of Gino Esposito is seen in what work?	Home and Away
What label was responsible for Middle Cyclone?	Arista Nashville
The director of The Floorwalker is who?	Charlie Daniels
What is the name of the publisher of Revista Colombiana de Química?	National University of Colombia Press
Which family does Flindersioideae belong to?	Crambidae
When did Gare de Dieppe begin?	1548
What town is KDON-FM liscensed in?	Santa Barbara
What team is Scott Parse associated with?	Florida Panthers
What was the name of the discoverer of 451 Patientia?	Filippo Lippi
When did Rock Choir come into being?	2003
In what city was Włodzimierz Sedlak born?	Gmina Wielkie
When was the birth of Oliver Ressler?	1954
What kind of  occupation does Muneshwar Patandin have?	writer
Who is the Le Iene named after?	Iene River
What was Herbert Böhme's career?	painter
To which fictional work does Imogen Willis belong in?	EastEnders
What town or city does WKDM serve?	Dothan
What person illustrated A Theory of Fun for Game Design?	Rae Hull
Who is the creator of Peter Pan?	Carol Shaw
In what city or state did the formation of Brasse Vannie Kaap occur?	Tasmania
Who has acted in the film Det ender med bryllup?	Inger Marie
Which was the gender of Francine Peeters?	male
What city is CKGL located?	Brandon
What is the city of birth of Koko Sakibo?	Omaha
What town is WWFW liscensed in?	New Orleans
From what city is the band Spencer Gifts?	East Greenwich
Which ailment caused the death of Ted Albert?	heart failure
Who is Sir Nicholas Serota Makes an Acquisitions Decision by?	Charles Barrymore
The team Washington Spirit is a member of which sports league?	National Women's Soccer Association
Who directed Mommy, I'm Scared?	Rebecca Romijn
What was the date of Mordechai Omer's death?	18 September 2008
Of what country is Shamima Shaikh a citizen?	Nepal
What is T-Mobile UK's parent company?	Mercury Media Holdings
In what place did Robert Hippolyte Chodat die?	London
What is the name of the constellation which Delta Serpentis belongs?	Virgo
What is the name university that educated Ronne Hartfield?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
In which language is The Black Monk made in?	German
What family does Mycopepon belong?	Cerambycidae
What role does Gonzalo Garavano play in football?	goalkeeper
The publisher that published SimCity 2000 is what?	Sierra Entertainment
Who was the architect that designed West Tower?	Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
What studio produced Adventures in Voice Acting?	Bang Zoom! Records
Who was the original discoverer of 1930 Lucifer?	Elizabeth Roiland
What football position did Raffaele Longo play?	winger
The nationality of Jules François Alexandre Joffrin was what?	English
What family lineage was Tahitoe part of?	Shikken
In which state is Macedo de Cavaleiros located?	Seville
In which war did Wallace Pike participate?	Vietnam War
Which year did Robert Serf end?	1928
Who developed Block Lamp?	Harri Kosugi
What is the position of George Hugh Niederauer?	United States Senator
What is the name of the airport where Lufthansa is located?	Munich Airport
Which series is Blue Shoes and Happiness apart of?	The No 1 Ladies Detective Agency
What network broadcast Taxi Brooklyn?	TVB Jade
Who directed Meshes of the Afternoon?	Mayim Bialik
What is the name of the state where Jabłonowiec is located?	Gmina Ustrzyki
Who is the architect for 30 Pall Mall?	Pietro Belluschi
The date of birth of Gurram Jashuva is?	1957
When does the Curium discovered?	1941
Which place is Arcadia Lost in?	Argentina
What sports team was Kilian Pruschke a member of?	SV Neulengbach
Which was the official year for the approval of QBU-88?	QBU88
Which was the voice type that Matti Salminen had?	soprano
Who worked on Remington Model 660?	Remingtonington Arms
What business published Guitar Hero II?	Rockstar Games
What was Kit Armstrong's city of birth?	Portland
What town or city does WFHA-LP serve?	Moulton
Which was the creator of Ultron?	Ultron Studios
What voice type does Björk have?	baritone
By which person Graduates Memorial Building has been designed?	Sir John Drew
On what date did Stefano Angeleri expire?	5 July 1794
In what city did Suso Cecchi d'Amico die?	Bologna
When did Battle of Hingston Down occurr?	738
At what location did Onelio Jorge Cardoso die?	Montevideo
What war was Edward R. Hanford in?	Spanish-- American War
Which ailment caused the death of Júlio Dinis?	nephritis
What is the series called that Get Away From My Mom belongs to?	Home and Away
What medical condition was Hannah Van Buren suffering from?	deafness
What series is Tales from the Public Domain in?	Nero Wolfe
On which instrument(s) was Gnossiennes created to be played on?	drum
What noble family was Ainmuire mac Sétnai part of?	Cenél nAraid
What noble title does Ecaterina Cercheza hold?	Grand Duchess of Lithuania
What is Satyabhama's spouse's name?	Krishna Kumari
What is the position of Montek Singh Ahluwalia?	Prime Minister of India
The star NGC 5253 is a part of the constellation named what?	Hydra
Where are the home games of Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube played?	Ronaldão
What label was responsible for The DEFinition?	Def Leppard Records
Which was the network that originally hosted Main Aisi Kyunn Hoon?	Sony Entertainment Television
Which team does Anton Lander play for?	New York Rangers
What city was Thundering Asteroids! formed in?	Austin
Which lady Inga Sempé was born to?	Lalli Sempé
What is the programming language for Apache ActiveMQ?	JavaScript
What is the university where Albert Laszlo went?	Harvard University
What was Richard Langmead's career?	screenwriter
What city is WKMS-FM located?	Bartonville
To which fictional work does Pandu appear in?	Bible
What was Julia Claussen's range?	mezzo-oprano
Who had the role of director in Peege?	John Forde
What is the ending year of Intra Bank?	2001
What is the astronomical body that Dorsum Niggli is located on?	Mercury
What is Jane Dee's spouse's name?	William Dee
What noble family was Alighiero di Bellincione part of?	House of Bellincione
What was Henry Herford's range?	tenor
What is the product of The Foundery?	organ
What team did Dan Woodley play for?	Calgary Flames
What is the cause of death of Max Beer?	smallpox
What is the position of Andrés de Orbe y Larreategui?	abbot
What is the continent that Edlin Névé is located?	Europe
What work of fiction is Elizabeth Lochley located in?	Léon: The Professional
What year was American Institute of Electrical Engineers created?	1957
What was the noble family that Pope Gregory XII was from?	Piast dynasty
What is the name of the city Godwin von Brumowski was born in?	Kielce
What college did Robert G. Frank go to?	University of California, Berkeley
What was the name of the father of Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary?	Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary
The date of death for Per Abraham Örnsköld is what?	16 May 1891
What level is Sentani rainbowfish's iucn conservation status?	rainbowfish
The artwork The Gates of Hell was by who?	Peter Paul Rubens
On what instrument is Joueurs de flûte played?	violin
Who was the mother of Susanne Klatten?	Katharina Klatten
What is the sex of Polona Dornik?	
Which ethnic group does André Delelis belong?	German
What kind of family is Bactericera of?	Geometridae
Over what river does Quincy Memorial Bridge cross?	Missouri River
Which team does Fernando Tobio play for?	Boca Juniors
On what continent can Isingufsa Bluff be found?	South America
In which fictional universe does Isildur exist?	Cthulhu Mythos
The genus Feronista is a part of what family?	Carabidae
What title is held by Martha?	venerable
Which sports team is Raymond Ferguson a member of?	North Melbourne Football Club
What is the date of Charles Wheatly's death?	1917
What was the name of the director for Sweet Hearts Dance?	Robert Wise
What was Gun-Brit Barkmin's range?	mezzo soprano
What voice type is Markus Flaig?	soprano
What kind of family is Sunda cuckoo of?	Chaetophis
Which was the record label for Brother, Sister?	EMI
Which programming language is MySQL written in?	MySQL
How did Floyd Cramer die?	heart attack
What nationality was Nicolas Racot de Grandval?	German
Why did Daniel Branca die?	leukemia
Which position was held by Henri Bonnet?	Minister of War
Which programming language is JBuilder written in?	Erlang
When did Fizeau experiment occurr?	1852
The person that is the mother of John, Prince of Asturias is who?	Isabella of Castile
What type of instrument is used to play Souvenirs de Munich?	piano
What sports team was Grzegorz Arłukowicz a member of?	Górnik Zabrze
What programming language was used to write Yacc?	Python
The genus European green woodpecker is a part of what family?	Campanerpes
What is the name university that educated Anatoly Torkunov?	Moscow Conservatory
What nationality was Kees van Beijnum?	German
What city is KWKC located?	Cedar Rapids
What kind of  occupation does Jay Prakash Narayan Yadav have?	architect
What was the name of Ahmose-Henuttamehu mother?	Ahmose Nefertari
Which college or university is related with Christopher Glynn?	King's College London
What year was it when Executive Outcomes was dissolved?	2010
What city is Catarina Ferreira associated with?	Sabadell
The birth date of Cheung Yi Nei is what?	1961
Who was Song Without End released by?	Warner Bros
What kind of  occupation does Ferenc Székely have?	film director
The year Meskerem Legesse died was what?	11 December 2011
What constellation is Messier 4 part of?	Coma Berenices
Which industry is Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani associated with?	shipbuilding
What type of voice does Gwen Catley have?	mezzo-oprano
Which director directed Shoulder Arms?	Charlie Daniels
What is the vocal range for Ain Anger?	countertenor
Who is the Konstantinoupoleos Avenue named after?	Constantinos Konstantinople
At what location did S. Mahinda die?	Mumbai
What was Christopher Grotheer's occupation?	politician
Which was the voice type that Lisa Roma had?	contralto
In what city was Simon Tüting born?	Zürich
The Kampé de Fériet function was named for whom?	Joseph-Louis Kampé de Fériet
What position did Olav Dalen play?	defender
What is the series that Slap Bet is a part of?	Veronica Mars
What was the date of 18th Venice International Film Festival?	1954
Is Xu Li a male or female?	male
What date did Ernest Barker die on?	1961
Which company manufactured GM New Look bus?	General Motor Corporation
What is the name university that educated Ralph Morgan?	Columbia University
What year was the end of National Socialist Schoolchildren's League?	1948
The nationality of Christiane Martel is?	German
What city is WDNC located?	Decatur
What show is Alexandra Borgia from?	Law & Order, Part 2
Who is the designer of Mark 29 torpedo?	General Electric
What is the constellation where HD 154857 c is located?	Ursa Minor
What is the name of the state where Richmond Medical Center is located?	New Jersey
What kind of  occupation does Syne Mitchell have?	singer
Who was the designer of Lange Voorhout Palace?	Pieter de Hooch
What was the name of the director for Aahaa Enna Porutham?	J Sasikumar
What was Markus Blutsch's city of birth?	Munich
Which planet is Auqakuh Vallis located?	Titania
What did David Axon die from?	Axonosis
Which city was the birthplace of Władysław Gomułka?	Poznań
Who was Pansarbil m/39 designed by?	AB Landsverk of Denmark
The date of birth for Norah Beare is what?	1947
What is the programming language for Skia Graphics Engine?	Perl
Which network is Lead Balloon a part of?	BBC2
What gender is Constance Senghor?	
The publisher that published Supreme Ruler 2020 is what?	Ruler Entertainment
What is the name of the state where Kheyr ol Din is located?	Pishkuh Rural District
What kind of  occupation does Jeron Roberts have?	rugby player
When was the birth of Yves Niaré?	19 June 1882
What university did Kim Ismay attend?	University of Washington
The appearance of Lady of the Green Kirtle is seen in what work?	The Silmarillion
Who is the paternal progenitor of William Herbert Shipman?	Henry Cornelius Shipman
Which country's citizen was Giorgos Vourgoutzis?	Thebes
In what city did Otto Binder die?	Vienna
On what date did Lucien Georges Bazor die?	19 March 1882
What country did Henry Burling come from?	England
The main director of Oh God, Women Are So Loving was who?	Pietro Germi
Which original network is part of Think Like a Cat?	BBC Two
In which war/battle did François Delzenne fight?	French Revolutionary Wars
What was Isra Girgrah's gender?	
Who was the director of Hell Harbor?	Frank Borzage
Who was the publisher of Journal of Applied Crystallography?	American Crystallography Society
Where can you find the show Bus Life?	Channel 4
What was the date of birth of Samuel Schmid?	15 March 1884
In which language is Tiede made in?	Lithuanian
What is the birthplace of Taisto Reimaluoto?	Waipahu
What is the position of Michel Guerry?	Prime Minister of France
What cast members where in Swiss Tour?	Gustav Ucicky
Which programming language is GPRename written in?	ename
In what stadium does Academia Desportiva Manthiqueira Futebol play home games?	Estádio Professor Dario Rodrigues Leite
What position does Alexei Bondarev play on the field?	goaltender
Which was the record label for Orchestral Favorites?	Victor Entertainment
What town is WFNN liscensed in?	Raleigh
What work of fiction is Felix Leiter located in?	Dracula
From what city is the band Bloody Mannequin Orchestra?	Betz
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Buena Vista Bingo Club?	Gloria Swanson
What college did Sheryll Cashin go to?	United States Military Academy
What was the date of death for Christy Brown?	8 August 2013
What does Big Sioux River flow into?	Big Sioux River
What town is WBHZ liscensed in?	West Palm Beach
On what date did Battle of Roosebeke end?	16 May 1793
What is the position of Giritli Ali Aziz Efendi?	President of Guinea
When was Young Finns abolished?	1923
Where did FC Eintracht Bamberg play home games?	Bamberg-Stadion
The star/galaxy Trapezium Cluster is in what constellation?	Andromeda
What was Ahmad Zarruq birth country?	Algeria
What kind of  occupation does B. Sundaram have?	architect
Which place is Pareni Maya Jalaima in?	Hong Kong
On what continent can Cooper Creek be found?	Australia
Which war was Sarah Aaronsohn in?	World War I
Which is the date of death for Emil Racoviță?	22 April 2012
What city did Jacques Cassagne live when he died?	Montreal
Which series is Basic Intergluteal Numismatics a part of?	South Park
What is the position of Frances Nunziata?	cardinal
Which was the gender of Lenny Permana?	male
What voice type is Essi Wuorela?	mezzo soprano
On what celestial body is Aphrodite Terra located?	Mercury
On what date did STS-44 lift off?	18 October 1991
Which country's citizenship does Mehmet Çetingöz hold?	Turkish East Indies
Which state is Wasauksing Swing Bridge located?	New York
What kind of family is Pseudognathaphanus of?	Geometridae
Who was Harry Marks's father?	James Marks
What company makes Lap Engine?	Aston Martin
Which production company is involved with Road to Zanzibar?	Warner Bros
Which was the position that Larry G. Smith held?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
In what year was World Association of Theoretical and Computational Chemists formed?	1952
What person illustrated Ginger Pye?	Eleanor Estes-Jones
In which continent is Georgian Cliff located?	North America
What show is Rory Flanagan from?	Hollyoaks
When was Publix created?	1921
Who is Stephen Kemble's sister?	Maria Kemble
What company published Planes of Conflict?	2K Sports
What nationality of Jackie Berroyer?	German
What was the year of inception of Hong Kong Arts Development Council?	1997
What cast members where in The Bandits of Cold River?	Dorothy Lamour
What is the date of birth for Tanita Tikaram?	1962
What is the position of Armindo Lopes Coelho?	midfielder
What year was Valemax commissioned?	2009
What war was Friedrich-Karl Burckhardt in?	Thirty Years' War
What disease did Bernard Rubin contract?	tetanus
What voice type is Peggy Ann Jones?	mezzo-oprano
What country did Marwan Effendy come from?	Albania
What war did Franz Pöschl participate in?	Napoleonic Wars
Where was Leni Schmidt born?	Munich
What illness negatively impacted Batkid?	kidney failure
The college Dan Wikler attended was what?	Cornell University
What is the place of birth of Evgeny Velikhov?	Kiev
What is Anna Kukushkina's sex?	male
What type of universe is Chessure a fictional character in?	Marvel Universe
In what place did Paolo Marucelli die?	Venice
To which fictional work does Bianca Minola belong in?	The L Word
Which crime Peter Demeter is considered to have commited?	crime against humanity
What year did Československé hudební nástroje dissolve?	1990
What is the national identity of Jalil Lespert?	French the Elder
On what instrument is Kegelstatt Trio played?	bass
What position in football did Aitor Embela play?	forward
What title is held by Jón Ögmundsson?	blessed
The nationality of Rüdiger Kruse was what?	French
What was the name of the city or state where Johnny Boy was formed?	Isla Vista
What type of submarine was USS Walker (DD-517) classified as?	Fletcher-class submarine
What is the name of the person who designed XM806?	General Electric
When was Svalbard Global Seed Vault started?	26 March 2008
In which language Karol monthly football magazine reporting?	Polish
Which crime led to the conviction of Keli Lane?	crime against humanity
What label was responsible for Con-Test?	Reprise Records
What is the name of the publisher of Toki Tori?	Ace Books
When was the birth of Kevin Vogt?	1954
Who was the director for My Mate Manchester United?	Alfred Loughran
What label was responsible for Little Games?	Atlantic Records
What constellation is HD 168443 in?	Cygnus
What date is associated with Nika riots?	732
What continent can you find Kelsey Cliff?	North America
What was Giannis Sampson specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defender
What position in football did Tin Karamatić play?	defenceman
What is the birthplace of Ann Bilansky?	Chicago
At what location did Crystal Bird Fauset die?	New Orleans
At what location did John Taylor Hamilton die?	New Orleans
What was the name of Martina Hingis mother?	Melanie Molina
What is the home city of The Freshies?	Freshfield
What family does Trissobrocha belong?	Tineidae
Who is the architect of Calico Dome?	Buck Owens
In which state is Sobolów located?	Gmina Łódź
Who was the mother of Sarah Chayes?	Antoni Gaudí
What is Lubica Kucerova's country of original?	Czech Republic
In what place did Franca Rame die?	Naples
What work of fiction is Granny Liu located in?	The Tale of Genji
Where was François Gaudreau born in?	Montreal
Which fictional universe is Kree part of?	Star Wars universe
What material was used for Papyrus 4?	parchment
Who designed Guangdong Olympic Stadium?	Eugene Tsui
When was TDRS-11's launch date?	31 December 2013
The continent that Jato Nunatak is on is what?	South America
Which director worked on the film Executive Decision?	Stuart Rosenberg
Which historic war did Hugh Wrigley participate?	American Civil War
The team Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C. is a member of which sports league?	Liga Promotion
What is the name of the publisher of Death to Spies?	Grosseto
Which was the position that Manmohan Singh held?	President of India
What was the date of death of Stephen Langton?	1925
What state is Telha located?	Poshtkuho Department
What day was USA-94 launched?	30 September 1993
What is the name of the airport where Eastar Jet is located?	Gimpo Airport
What league was Cruz Azul?	CONCACAF Gold Division
What business published China Warrior?	Activision
What was Adrian Ronan's career?	film director
What studio produced Little Dieter Needs to Fly?	FremantleMedia
What year was Millennium Stadium opened?	JunePadua
What is the home city of The Distractions?	Tilburg
Which team is Thomas Kessler a member of?	Borussia Dortmund
What language is Creirwy in?	Cornish
On what date did Judith of Habsburg expire?	1527
To which country does Pedro Shimose belong as its citizen?	Brazil
Who is in The Secret of Convict Lake as a cast member?	Dorothy Lamour
The gender of Bhavashankari is what?	male
The star Messier 95 is part of what constellation?	Virgo
Which position was held by Eugenio Corecco?	President of Malta
The nationality of Pierre Estève was what?	German
What is the name of the director of Uzak?	Rudolf Platte
When was Anglo-Egyptian Sudan abolished?	1938
When was Christoph Haberland born?	20 April 1894
What league was Universal Peace Foundation?	Palau Soccer League Elite
What city was PIAS Recordings formed in?	Belgium
Which was the position that James Benton Grant held?	bishop
Which planet is Pyerun Patera located?	Iapetus
What is the native language of Lee Kyun-young?	South Korea
What city did Todor Kableshkov live when he died?	Belgrade
Which director directed Once Upon a Time in Mexico?	Bob Murawski
What team does Galih Firmansyah play for?	Persik Kediri
Is Siri Skare a male or female?	soprano
What state is Si va Seh Mardeh located?	Mazandaran Province
Who was the male parent of Haemon?	Cretheus
What year did Paul de Borman die in?	17 May 1809
Which war did Joseph H. De Castro participate in?	Mexican-American War
Who created Fort Santiago?	Gómez Pereira
What is the language that Autoreview is in?	English
For which sports team does Abdenour Hadiouche play?	Granada CF
What year was the end of Kingdom of Hungary?	1929
To which fictional work does Caleb appear in?	The Sarah Jane Adventures
What is the language of Henri Nassiet?	German
What studio produced Shanghaied Love?	Goldwyn Pictures
What is the programming language for Flexive?	Python
Which family does Aranucidae belong to?	Aerodontidae
What is the position of Howard Joseph Carroll?	United States Senator
Which person is the architect of 270 Park Avenue?	Skidmore and Company
What is the gender Tero Välimaa is known by?	tenor
What team is Tonel affiliated with?	FC Volendam
In which fictional universe is Asuran a character?	Cthulhu Mythos
What year did Augustine Kandathil die in?	4 May 1891
What city did Giancarlo Primo live when he died?	Milan
What team uses Nou Mestalla?	FC Ashdod
What is the name university that educated Gene Clapp?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
What body of water was Pangbourne next to?	English Channel
What was Carlo Occhiena's career?	politician
Who was Lady Sarah Lennox's father?	Charles Lennox, 1st Earl of Richmond
Who acted in The Last Porno Flick?	Dana Andrews
The song or album Herbal Turkey Breast came from which artiste?	Trey Songz
Who made Canon FP?	Canonical Ltd
What is the date when Battle of Corbridge happened?	638
What position does Peter Hraško play on the field?	defender
What celestial body can Lacus Luxuriae be found on?	Mars
Which place does Land of the Dead exist in?	Greece
Which family does Vulcaniella belong to?	Asteraceae
In what war was Francisco Ballesteros in?	Quasi-War
What kind of  occupation does Philip Kearny have?	lawyer
What was the station that aired La Difference?	BBC Two
What is the country Tesyn is from?	Spain
By whom was 254 Augusta discovered?	Viktor Knorre
What was the native language of Guillaume Michel Jérôme Meiffren Laugier?	English
What series is the episode The Big Six part of?	The Big Six
What is the position of Joseph Wendel?	mayor
What kind of family is Rhescyntis of?	Geometridae
The point in time of Free Way to the Catalan Republic was when?	11 October 2015
What illness did Odin suffer from?	Alzheimer's disease
The genus Apopetelia is a part of what family?	Tephritidae
Which describes the sex or gender of Angus Cooper?	baritone
What is the name of Reinhold Münzenberg's position?	goalkeeper
Which is the distributor of Minicraft?	L'Oréal
Which sports team is Tuna Üzümcü playing for?	Persebaya Surabaya
Who was the mother of Andregoto Galíndez?	María Rodríguez León
On what planet is Vallis Schrödinger on?	Mars
The The Lich was in what series?	The Lich of the Hill
The nationality of Richard David Precht is?	Dutch
What is the vocal range for Eva Likova?	mezzo-srano
The mother of William Erasmus Darwin is whom?	Emiliana Darwin
What company distributed Blood Sucking Freaks?	Troma Pictures
Which is the distributor of Zeisters?	Tiffany Pictures
What was the position of Krasen Trifonov?	midfielder
Which position was held by Leobinus?	abbot
Which network is Forest Friends a part of?	Discovery Kids
The Progress M-24 was launched on what date?	25 March 1994
On what date did Battle of Montcornet end?	5 July 1764
Which soccer league is Lech Poznań in?	Ekstrakstan League
Which family is Saetheriella a part of?	Tephritidae
On what celestial body is Kachina Chasmata located?	Titan
In which state is Molenhoek located?	Hesse
What is the national identity of Robert Berri?	Italian
When is the date of birth of Stephanie Taylor?	1954
To which series does Stormed Fortress belong?	The Chronicles of Prydain
Which sports team is Adrian Rakowski playing for?	KS Cracovia
The genus Epidola is a part of what family?	Tephritidae
By which body of water is Thames Ditton located?	Black Sea
What was Dean Karr's career?	screenwriter
The continent that Mount Littlepage is on is what?	Antar
What continent contains The Gullet?	Europe
Who was the person who directed Odette Toulemonde?	Jean-Pierre Mocky
What was Cheryl Studer's range?	mezzo-oprano
Player Corban Knight played for which team?	Florida Hurricanes
What language is Heathen Chemistry in?	Chemistry
Which team does Tyler Wotherspoon play for?	St Louis Blues
What artist created Así?	Sólstafir
What kind of family is Thoon of?	Crambidae
Who had the role of director in Men on the Sea Floor?	Francesco Nuti
Over which river does Västerbron cross?	Göta älv
What gender is Sylvia Roll?	
What was the name of the city or state where Goodbye to Gravity was formed?	Buenos Aires
What medical condition killed Norman Kaye?	breast cancer
What series is Sandwich Day from?	South Park
When was Alphonse Malaquin's death?	19 June 2014
What is the country Aqua Heroes is from?	Taiwan
The main director of Mad Max 2 was who?	D Ross Lederman
What is the full date that Hill GH1 crashed on?	1974
What is Cross Run a tributary of?	East Branch Briar Creek
What constellation is Beta Phoenicis in?	Pegasus
What label was responsible for A Flight and a Crash?	Elektra Records
What was the name of Josh Drauniniu's team?	Brisbane Roar FC
What business published Ski Park Manager?	Sega
In what place did Radcliffe Killam die?	New Orleans
Who desigened River Raid?	John G Robinson
In which language is Fiamuri Arbërit made in?	Albano-Coptic
On what date did Progress M-8 take off?	30 August 1991
Who distributed Sire Records?	Warner Bros
Which is the body of water by Musée de la Sculpture en Plein Air?	Château des Prairies
The birth date of Romain Danzé is what?	21 January 1882
The nationality of Émile Beaussire was what?	German
Which river system contains Blšanka?	Vltava
What was the gender of Mildred Earp?	male
Which was the gender of Jenna Carroll?	
Which was the creator of Kazuo Uzuki?	Matti Suuronen
What year did Białystok Department end?	1789
What town is WCOJ liscensed in?	Coeburn
The point in time of Western Remonstrance was what?	17 July 1750
When was Spiral Jetty founded/built?	1960
Who was Augustin Paus's father?	Paul I of Germany
The date of birth of Zeka Goore is?	20 September 1992
What is the name university that educated Lushin Dubey?	Jawaharlal College
Where do Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC play?	Malmö IP
What voice type is Stephan Schreckenberger?	countertenor
In one word, how did Decebalus die?	assassination
What is the position Lawrence Westbrook plays in football?	center
Which college or university is related with George MacLeod?	University of Glasgow
In what city did Flor Alpaerts die?	The Hague
The point in time of 2013 AFL Grand Final was when?	3 October 2013
What was the director's name of Promises Written in Water?	Vijay Pande
What was Duke George Augustus of Mecklenburg's occupation?	painter
Which state is Kışlak, Kızılcahamam located?	Şenlikköy Municipality
The 527 Euryanthe was discovered by whom?	Paul Götz
Who was responsible for the discovery of Doggerland?	Bryant Peale
In which war did GB-4 serve?	First Barbary War
What was P. U. Chinnappa's career?	film director
What year did Susan Kodicek die?	1955
What species is PAWR specific to?	male
What disease was a factor in the death of Robert Ledley?	Alzheimer's cancer
Which ethnic group does Jean-Philippe Lecat belong?	English
Who was the designor of Hilversum Town Hall?	Wyatt C Hedrick
Why did Dudley Knight die?	stroke
When was the discovery of Speyer wine bottle?	1918
What year did CAMI Automotive start?	1984
Which programming language is JasperReports written in?	JavaScript
What was the date of death of Jules-Jean Ravel?	19 March 1809
Who directed Promises Written in Water?	Vincent van Gogh
What country was Mats Rådberg from?	Norway
What type of aquatic unit is USS Sigsbee (DD-502)?	Porter-class destroyer
Who desigened Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carrier?	Stavros Fasoulas
At what location did Marie-Madeleine Lachenais die?	Toulon
What war or battle involved Robert McDouall?	Napoleonic Wars
What was Manuel Gamio's career?	writer
On which date did Paul McGrillen die?	5 August 2008
What was Thomas Jayes's occupation?	actor
What state is Schwarzenfeld located?	Trier
Who released Monk in Motian album?	Paul Motian
In which state is Columbia Secondary School located?	Washington
Which ailment caused the death of Gloria Shayne Baker?	pneumonia
What is Dunite named after?	Dun River
What was the name of Go For Wand mother?	Leo
What was the record label of Snakes for the Divine?	Myrrh Records
What year did Thorn Commission start?	1961
What is the name of Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha father?	Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
What fictional work does Amos Brearly exist in?	EastEnders
The point in time of Battle of Moreuil Wood was what?	30 December 1918
What production company was involved in Sambhav Asambhav?	Reliance Entertainment
What is the position of David K. Noyes?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What type of voice does Ewa Biegas have?	mezzo-srano
Which was the family of Cerodrillia?	Cerodrillaceae
What is the name of the publisher of Conjure Wife?	Cinematronics
Which was the family of Broomeiaceae?	Polyporales
What town is CKRM liscensed in?	Edmundston
What town is WIBA-FM liscensed in?	Brisbane
What artist created Epicus Doomicus Metallicus?	Elioth Gruner
What is the name of university that educated Juan de Ribera?	University of Granada
Who has acted in the film The Twonky?	Diana Lynn
From what did Dai Llewellyn die?	brain tumor
Who is in I Dood It as a cast member?	Sydney Fairbrother
On what date did Stephen F. Olford die?	1999
In what war was Antoine François Eugène Merlin a combatant?	Napoleonic dynasty
Where was Giuseppe Bennati born in?	Bologna
What town is WBTM liscensed in?	Bartonville
Which was the official year for the approval of OTs-02 Kiparis?	2002
What is the place of birth of Ernst Naumann?	Munich
What city is Perri O'Shaughnessy from?	San Diego
Which is the designer of Remington Model 14?	Remington Arms
What network broadcast Ghar Ek Sapnaa?	Sony Entertainment Television
What show is Bradley Branning from?	Neighbours
Which country is Yandel a citizen of?	Mexico
Which war did Gordon W. Duffy serve in?	Spanish-- American War
What is the place of birth of David Friedgood?	Tucson
What country released Isaac Kola?	Ghana
Which was the manufacturer of Laser 128?	Vicente
What town or city does KPLM serve?	PLM, California
What is the name of Guillermo Méndez Pereiro's team?	Deportivo Pasto
At what location did Pope Mark die?	Venice
Which position was held by Wilfred Kitching?	Governor of Vermont
Where is Beta Regio found?	Titan
In what city was Trine Haltvik born in?	Trondheim
Who are the stars of the film Mean Girls?	Eddie Harris
Who performed Sky Is the Limit?	Randy Travis
What is the name of the state where Shire of Korumburra is located?	Sydney
With which fictional universe is the character Kroloteans associated?	DC Comics
Which year did Faisceau end?	1824
What is Wisconsin School of Business's parent company?	University of Wisconsin Law School
Which year witnessed the formation of Hong Kong Film Critics Society?	1994
Which position was held by Merton W. Herrick?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Who has acted in the film Bunny O'Hare?	Bessie Love
The Great St Bernard Hospice was named for whom?	Great St Bernard Creek
What was the record label of Busted Stuff?	Atlantic Records
The production company responsible for 6 Guns is what?	FremantleMedia
Which was the constellation for HD 90089?	Ursa Major
What team is Liam Anthony associated with?	Worcester Warriors
Who is Robot Chicken by?	Seth Eastwood
What is the programming language for SilverStripe?	Scala
What is the university where John Henry Michell went?	Royal Military College Sandhurst
Which position was held by Giuliano Gozi?	Doge of Venice
What state is Aidlingen located?	Dresden
The date of birth of Jarmo Kujanpää is?	19 April 1882
What was the noble family that Anushirvan ibn Lashkari was from?	Lashkari dynasty
What war or battle involved Edward Braddock?	World War I
The father of King Huanhui of Han was who?	King Xuanhui of Han
The team Ottawa Rough Riders is a member of which sports league?	National Football League
Who is the director for Das Phantom?	D W Griffith
Who was the publisher of Sparkling Cyanide?	Grosset & Dunlap
Who was the publisher of The Silver Sword?	Sega
What material was used for Diadumenos?	ivory
What city is Nuala Ní Chonchúir associated with?	County Cork
What is the position of Thomas Robert McInnes?	Governor of Maine
To which fictional work does Kimball Cho belong in?	How I Met Your Mother
What is the name of the publisher of Review of Scientific Instruments?	Springer Science+Business Media
What is the universe that Vyking exists in?	Forgotten Realms
On what date did Josef Blösche die?	18 February 1891
In which state is Sar Gerik located?	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
Who published IEEE Communications Letters?	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Who developed Pitfall!?	David Lynch
Who is the creator of Working Lunch?	BBC Lunch
What is the name of the publisher of Desert Demolition?	Namco
The star Groombridge 1618 is part of the constellation known as what?	Gemini
What city was Jean-Guy Guilbault born in?	Vienne
What year did India Office end?	1939
What type of tone does Ermonela Jaho sing in?	contralto
What was Budd Root's career?	journalist
What is the name of the person who discovered Strassen algorithm?	Volkswagen Strassen
What company built German submarine U-197?	197-class destroyer
Which position was held by Raniero Capocci?	bishop
What kind of  occupation does Esmee Vermeulen have?	writer
What kind of  occupation does Andreas Kriezis have?	politician
During which historic war was George Garth an officer?	World War I
What river does Wakenitz turn into?	Elbe
Which company manufactured Design 1013 ship?	Skinner & Willson
What is the home arena of Centro Sportivo Paraibano?	Zerão
Which country does Monica Bandini belong to?	France
What work of fiction is Sadie Harris located in?	As the World Turns
What is the war during which Antoine Morlot was in the armed forces?	World War I
What was the war that François Watrin fought in?	World War I
In what city was Wolfgang Hutter born?	Vienna
What is the constellation that G 240-72 is a part of?	Scorpius
Who is the paternal progenitor of Ahmed III?	Ahmed the Conqueror
What gender is Judy Connor?	male
Which performer released the album The Evolution of Man?	John Surman
Which instrument was Trois mouvements de Petrouchka written for?	violin
What is Ettringite named after?	Ettrebach
What family lineage was Yunreng part of?	Yingling
Who was BR Standard Class 3 2-6-0 designed by?	RobertRobert Riddles
What is Heronian triangle named after?	Tyrone Heronian
What constellation is home to HD 213429?	Andromeda
Which woman was the sister of Marlon Jackson?	Minnie Jackson
What material was used for Tiber Apollo?	bronze
Who is the Hadopyrgus ngataana named after?	diamond
What college did Peter Jenni go to?	University of Minnesota
What team did Gino Odjick play for?	New York Rangers
What is the birth place of  Vinko Jelovac?	Budapest
What series is Stormed Fortress in?	The Chronicles of Prydain
To which performer does the album Pencil Full of Lead belong?	Gary Burton
What country is Dan Pryor from?	Canada
Who worked on designing W41?	Lawrence Livermore National Airport
Which city was the birthplace of Andrej Panadić?	Belgrade
Who desigened Floatpoint?	Ben Goertzel
What town is WQBE-FM liscensed in?	York
What college did Eduard Pernkopf go to?	University of Münster
Which ailment caused the death of Tibor Feheregyhazi?	prostate attack
What was the war that USS Ida (1863) fought in?	American Revolutionary War
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Night of the Moonjellies?	Mark Goodson
What is the country Suzy's World is from?	New Zealand
What language is La Libre Belgique written in?	English
What airport is Domodedovo Airlines associated with?	Domodedovo Airport
Which soccer league is Club Valencia in?	Danish 1st Division
The Sherlock Hemlock is based upon what?	SherlockSherlock
When was Gare de Dieppe started?	1448
For what crime was Sarah Balabagan prosecuted?	crime against humanity
What was the cause of Loganathan Arumugam's death?	leukemia
In the film Private Snuffy Smith, who was the star?	Trevor Howard
In which position does Tomáš Houdek play?	goalkeeper
When does the C/1890 V1 discovered?	15 February 1890
What constellation is home to 15 Arietis?	Reticulum
Which was the position that Barbara Lorman held?	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Who set the standards for ISO 965?	International Organization for Standardize
What is the language L'Auvergnat de Paris is written in?	Catalan
The Mystery Men is based upon what?	The Hardy Boys
What river does Pages Creek connect to?	Hunter Branch
What is the university where Daphne Koller went?	University of California, Berkeley
What team uses Empire Field?	Winnipeg Jets
Who developed Still Life with Old Shoe?	Frans Hals
The The Boy Must Live is part of a what series?	Dad's Army
In what place did Crad Kilodney die?	Cleveland
What is the name of the state where Madhapur is located?	Belgaum district
Which team does Gabriel Landeskog play for?	ColumbusBlue Jackets
Which was the family of Lagynopteryx?	Acaridae
Which person is the architect of Chet Holifield Federal Building?	Charles Pereira
What team did Nikola Jokić play for?	Minnesota Lynx
In which conflict did Simeon Thayer participate?	French Revolutionary Wars
What production company was involved in The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg?	Stunt Records
What is the date when 7th Venice International Film Festival happened?	1949
On what team is Whitney Boddie?	Sacramento Kings
What was the founding year of Öland Bridge?	1926
What date was Korabl-Sputnik 5 launched?	1 December 1960
What river does Quinn Run connect to?	Mahoning Creek
What is Agustín Lazo Adalid's country of original?	Spain
When is the date of birth of Ronan Harris?	1953
Who is Autosuggestion by?	uggestion
Which series was Surfeit of Lampreys in?	Lampreys series
The Ranipokhari Corner Team played home games where?	Dasarath Rangasala Sports Stadium
The father of Secreto is whom?	Danehill
What is the position of Eudamidas III?	pharaoh
What is the product of Morupule Colliery?	uranium
The distributor of The Golf Specialist is whom?	RKO Records
What is Madame Montour's sex?	male
During which historic war was James Newman-Newman an officer?	Spanish-- American War
What cause of death was listed for Boris Barnet?	accident
What show is Jiao Ting from?	Street Fighter
The song Tervaskanto was by whom?	Konstantiney
What is the cause of death for Meryl O'Loughlin?	lung cancer
What continent is Monk Islands on?	Antar
What town or city does WVSS serve?	Gainesville
Which team does Brett McLean play for?	Milwaukee Bucks
What original network is Fist of Fun on?	ITV
What is the position of Frank Pace?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Which country is Ariel Ameijenda from?	Brazil
Which chromosome is NDUFA4 found on?	chromosomeSeven
What year was the end of Ahnenerbe?	1968
Which lady gave birth to Philip Ernest, Count of Hohenlohe-Langenburg?	Magdalena of Nassau
On what moon or planet can Nili Fossae be found?	Mercury
Who was the person who directed Henry Fool?	William Beaudine
Which position was held by Ignazio Corrao?	President of Argentina
To which performer does the album Blue Moods belong?	Barry White
What country is Caroline Maes from?	South Africa
What is the name of the publisher of Crooked House?	Collins Crime Club
What was John Porter Clark's occupation?	painter
What was the date of birth of Shane Kavanagh?	1942
Which college or university is related with Nigel Griffiths?	University of Edinburgh
What was the cause of death for Ada Comstock?	Ada Comstock
What is the constellation that HR 4072 is a part of?	Corona Borealis
When is the date of birth of W. S. Bristowe?	1909
At what position on the field did Matthias Koch play football?	goaltender
What kind of family is Discoglypremna of?	Geometridae
What studio realeased the movie Purple Heart Diary?	Republic Pictures
Which programming language is TYPO3 written in?	PHO
What was the date of TDRS-11's launch?	31 December 2013
What artist was responsible for the creation of Beverly Hills Housewife?	Bertine Smith
Which country is Koko Sakibo from?	Kenya
What nationality of Stanisław Dziwisz?	German
What constellation is where Upsilon Pegasi is?	Gemini
Who was responsible for the direction of Sex & Philosophy?	Mohamed Nasheed
What was the year of Viberti's inception?	1902
In what place did Günther Rücker die?	Vienna
What year did Cabinet of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz start?	2013
What was Sylvia Fisher's range?	contralto
Where does Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida play its game?	Baenão
Which architect was responsible for Hotel Attraction?	Antonio da Sangallo
The voice type of Jean-Étienne-Auguste Massol is what?	soprano
What is the continent that Queen Elizabeth Land is located?	South America
What was the name of Sophie of Legnica mother?	Sophie Amalie of Brandenburg-Ansbach
What is Aermacchi's parent company?	Fiat Group Automobiles
The date of death for William Holwell Carr is what?	1947
What business published Fear Effect?	Capcom
In what place did Winibald die?	Dresden
Of what series is Duane Barry a part of?	Babylon 5
What was the founding year of Irbit?	1993
Who was 125 Greenwich Street designed by?	Rapp and Rapp
What university did Jena Osman attend?	University of Washington
The architect of Brorson's Church is whom?	Christopher Wren
Who is the creator of North Square?	Alexandre Promio
When was 2997 Cabrera discovered?	17 November 1974
For which sports team does Van Tuinei play?	Chicago Bears
What type of tone does Marco Lazzara sing in?	tenor
Which show is Archie Carpenter in?	The Wire
Which airport does Air Georgian operate in?	Toronto Gatwick Airport
Which place is Celebrate the Season Parade in?	New Jersey
What year did Amazon Bookstore Cooperative end?	Cooperative Program
Which state is Raklinovo located?	Province of Pavia
Which was the record label for Bleuphoria?	EMI
To which religious order did Luis Martín belong?	Servite Order
When did Enrique Ernesto Shaw's death occur?	1952
What league was Ilva Bagnolese?	Naisten Liiga
Which species has the HSP90AA2 gene?	male
What is the name of Peisistratos father?	Hippocrates
Which language is Sămănătorul written in?	French
Who was the designor of USRA Heavy Pacific?	United States Railroad Association
Which language is Kvir written in?	Yiddish
Which country is Shirley McClellan from?	Ireland
What league does Real Sociedad participate in?	Segunda División
What caused Herbert Callen's death?	Alzheimer disease
On what date did O Tico-Tico end?	1994
Where was Gordon Connelly born in?	Belfast
The cause of death of Carl Bloch is what?	pneumonia
Who is the director of the film, The Youngest Son?	Rudolf Platte
Which league did Chicago Riot join with?	Major Indoor Football League
What company produced Singed?	Fox Film Company
What country did Rhythm of a Crime originate?	Canada
Which series is Everybody Loves Hugo a part of?	Dexter
Who is the director of The Wild Bunch?	Louise Lester
Which team is Leandro Marín a member of?	Club Libertad
What is the name of Hendrik Brugmans father?	Gustaf Brugmans
What celestial body can Mangala Valles be found on?	Io
In which state is Sidhbari located?	Karnataka
What was Henri-Jacques de Croes's occupation?	politician
What is Ilona Richter's country of citizenship?	Austria
Over what river does Rachel Carson Bridge cross?	Monongahela River
What is Lincoln Memorial named after?	Abraham Abraham Lincoln
When was Ron Dowling born?	1957
What channel aired Guiding Light?	TBS
The manufacturer of HMS H22 was who?	Cammell Laird
By which company, HMS H24 has been manufactured?	Cammell Laird
Which was the manufacturer of Venturi Atlantique?	Venturi Automotive Plant
Who is the illustrator of Whistle for Willie?	Eddie Rabbitt
What diseased did Iain MacKintosh struggle with?	Parkinson'sculosis
Who desigened Mark 29 torpedo?	Washington Navy Yard
What was the name of the architect who worked on Trevi Fountain?	Trevi
In what language is Europa Magazine?	Yiddish
Which language is France-Guyane written in?	English
Who was the designer of Villa Zeno?	Andrea Mantegna
On what celestial body is Mare Undarum located?	Mars
What kind of family is Anderson's white-bellied rat of?	Cinnyris
Which fictional universe is Savage Steel part of?	Image Universe
What is the astronomical body that Rahway Valles is located on?	Iapetus
What is the name of the state where Lake Lafayette is located?	New York
Which director worked on Strauss Is Playing Today?	Sid Meier
What family does Cryptendoxyla belong?	Crambidae
What date did Amar Laskri die?	27 September 2014
Which continent is Cain Nunatak on?	North America
Which was the position that Prentice Cooper held?	Governor of New Jersey
What is José Rodríguez Fuster's country of citizenship?	Spain
Which family is Eoscopus a part of?	Crambidae
What was Catrin Edwards's occupation?	singer
Which position was held by Cyprien Ntaryamira?	Minister of Health
What year was Djibouti Airlines created?	1993
What team is Réjean Houle associated with?	Pittsburgh Penguins
Who is in Sila Nerangalil as a cast member?	Mohanlal
Which was the creator of Chicago Hope?	J M Barrie
On what date did George William de Carteret die?	1898
Which was the position that Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas held?	bishop
On what date did Battle of Ulundi occur?	27 August 1879
What is the team that Ianis Hagi is associated with?	PSV Eindhoven
What is the birth place of  Ulrike Folkerts?	Wiessee
What team is Aleksejs Šarando affiliated with?	FK Baník Sokolov
Who is Christ in the Desert by?	Albert Gleizes
The designer for Second Leiter Building was?	William Pereira
Who was The Last Picture Show directed or edited by?	Peter Bogarde
In what city or state did the formation of September Girls occur?	Brighton
Who was The Runaway Bunny illustrated by?	Dorothy Wall
Which is the designer of Banjo-Tooie?	Gregg August
Who is listed as José de San Martín father?	Francisco de San Martín
What is the position of S. Dwight Slade?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
To which series does Tuvix belong?	Star Trek: Enterprise
What is the position that Oh Do-hyun plays called?	defender
What is the national identity of Léon Dierx?	German
Who featured in the film Attack the Block?	John Cho
The person that is the mother of Margaret of Hanau-Münzenberg is who?	Margaret of Ravensberg
Who desigened Bergmann 1896?	Anselm Bergmann
The star 110 Virginis is part of the constellation known as what?	Vela
Who made 2134 Dennispalm known?	Charles T Kirtley
Which ailment caused the death of Bruce Shingledecker?	suicide
What city was Landy Mattison born in?	Montgomery
Which family is Ocepeia a part of?	Gelechiidae
At what location did Suat Hayri Ürgüplü die?	Bursa
What is the position of Henry Smith Lane?	Governor of Georgia
What was the name of the father of Ma Xifan?	Ma Kaihui
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Death's Domain?	Chris Riddell
Which team is Eugene Kirwan a member of?	Borussia Dortmund
Who fathered Lucy Crane?	Henry Crane
What was the name of Curicó Unido's home stadium?	Baenão
Which country is Nikiforos Diamandouros from?	Lithuania
The 20 Fenchurch Street project's architect was who?	Rafael Moneo
Which country is Tying Tiffany a citizen of?	Hong Kong
Which was the record label for Johnny 99?	Capitol Records
What continent is Moa River found on?	Oceania
Which state is Killamery located?	County Offaly
What is the national identity of Robert Jacob Gordon?	English
Which species has the TMEM260 gene?	male
By which body of water is Papendrecht located?	Benedenrecht
At what airport can you find Afriqiyah Airways?	Afriqiyah International Airport
Which describes the sex or gender of George Bradburn?	baritone
What is the product of Nova Scotia Mine?	gold
The nationality of Léontine Zanta is?	German
What network aired Alles außer Sex?	Das Erste
What is Barry Vercoe's birthplace?	Glasgow
What is the national identity of Jean-Pierre Martins?	English
What university did Willoughby Cotton attend?	University of Oxford
What is the vocal range for Alasdair Elliott?	bass
Which constellation is formed by NGC 7752 and NGC 7753?	Corona Borealis
The astronomical body that Vallis Bouvard is on is what?	Mars
What is the fictional universe that Hector Hammond belong to?	Marvel Universe
To which country does Christophe Roux belong as its citizen?	Switzerland
Over which river does Caiyuanba Bridge cross?	Yellow River
Which year did Diet of Finland end?	1919
Which player position does Regis de Souza belong to?	defender
Which was the family of Thermoproteales?	Thermoprotei
What company published Journal of Interconnection Networks?	Wiley-Blackwell
Which position was held by André Trillard?	archbishop
Over what river does Tionesta Bridge cross?	Connecticut River
What date is associated with Battle of Tarcal?	27 October 1827
Who was the publisher of Decap Attack?	Atari
Which family is Pleoscutula a part of?	Noctuidae
Which is the date of death for Abraham de Wicquefort?	1650
In what city did Otto Behaghel die?	Munich
What business published PixelJunk Shooter 2?	Q Entertainment
On what channel did Faraway Hill first appear?	Discovery Kids
What network aired Main Aisi Kyunn Hoon?	Percept Picture Company
What is the football position of Richie Guerin?	defender
Who was János Wass's mother?	María Wass
The team FC Mecklenburg Schwerin is a member of which sports league?	Oberliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
In what language is La Settimana Enigmistica?	Spanish
What town is WFHA-LP liscensed in?	Foley
In which language Le Parisien monthly football magazine reporting?	Parisian
In what continent is Drune Hill in?	North America
What was the date STS-132 was launched?	23 July 2010
What is the team that Zé Soares is associated with?	1 FC Magdeburg
What is Bombardier Transportation's parent company?	Bombardier Transportation
What kind of  occupation does Helen Timmons Henderson have?	botanist
What title is held by Antonietta Meo?	Catholic saint
Who was the original discoverer of 174 Phaedra?	Robert Luther
In which state is Casalarreina located?	Tocantins
Which was the creator of The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show?	Charles Mowbray
What year did Service de Documentation Extérieure et de Contre-Espionnage end?	2 February 1982
What does Fisher Run flow into?	Mahoning Creek
What was the name of Princess Mathilde Caroline of Bavaria mother?	Therese Behr
The song or album With the Tenors of Our Time came from which artiste?	Barry Humphries
What is the university where Daniel Mora went?	Complutense University of Madrid
What is the birth date of Joaquina Navarrete Contreras?	19 March 1986
What country did Love and Again originate?	Australia
What original network is The Loner on?	Channel 4
Where did Olav Gurvin study or work?	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
What is the name of the publisher of TimeSplitters 2?	2K Games
The discovery date or year of 2997 Cabrera is?	17 August 1974
Which position was held by Daniel Reiner?	mayor
What year did Kingdom of Asturias dissolve?	1891
Who designed Fife House?	Chancellor and Patrick
What kind of family is Carteria of?	Lymantriaceae
Who is in Zavallılar as a cast member?	Işın Karaca
What river does Zamantı River connect to?	Zamantı River
Of what series is The Captives of Kaag a part of?	Nancy Drew
Which crime Max Matern is considered to have commited?	capital murder
What city was Jean Lemoine born?	Montreal
Who has acted in the comedy film False Servant?	Diana Dors
In what continent is Mount Kosciuszko in?	Asia
What does Loue flow into?	Durance
What is the gender Wu Xue is associated with?	male
What business published Maine Law Review?	Lincoln College
Which series is Sons of the Oak a part of?	Bones
The distributor of The Saint's Double Trouble was whom?	Rockefeller Pictures
What was the sickness that killed Crowfoot?	tetanus
The show Ice Loves Coco originally aired on what network?	YTV
Which channel broadcast Comin' Up Country?	CBCTV
What city is Karim-Mohamed Maamoun from?	Dakar
The voice type of Sylvie Valayre is what?	mezzo soprano
Where did Giuseppe Tonelli live when he died?	Rome
Which family is Terraconia a part of?	Crambidae
In which state is Golden West Lodge Historic District located?	Pennsylvania
Which was the official year for the approval of United Defense M42?	1940
What state is Boraston located?	Suffolk
What work of fiction is Ruan Xiaowu located in?	Dream of the Red Chamber
What city is Bob Larmore from?	San Diego
Which was the country for Phoonk?	Nepal
Which director directed Three Lucky Fools?	Mario Monicelli
What is the final year of Konin Voivodeship?	1793
What nationality of Noël Valois?	German
What state is Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville located?	Virginia
By whom was Rose of the Rancho was directed or edited by?	César Pelli
Which lady Acrisius was born to?	Doris
Which ailment caused the death of Jacques Anquetil?	tuberculosis
The song Counting Blue Cars is by what artist?	John Lennon
Which position was held by Jean Gratton?	Member of the National Assembly
Where did Austen Kark live when he died?	Tucson
What river does Spray River connect to?	Gulf of Spray
Who is listed as Mari Maurstad father?	David Maurstad
What was the year that AAI RQ-2 Pioneer entered service?	1985
Which series is Age of Mythology apart of?	Babylon 5
What river is Dragovištica a tributary of?	Vjosë
Which family does Fortuneleptura belong to?	Tephritinae
Which is the cause of death of Iron Tail?	pancreatic cancer
The date of birth of Barry Coward is?	1957
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Cole Schneider?	New York Giants
What was Eugenia Mandal's career?	swimmer
Which airline hub does Royal Air Freight operate out of?	Oakland County Airport
What team is Rabie Benchergui associated with?	Clermont Foot
Which place is Queenie's Castle in?	Yorkshire
What medical condition killed Harry Dalton?	Parkinson's cancer
What is the language that Inez is in?	Aragonese
What is the university where Bernard Khoury went?	Harvard University
When was Alexandria Museum of Art created?	1979
When was the launch date of Progress M-17?	25 January 1993
In which state is Sonthonnax-la-Montagne located?	Loire-Atlantique
What year is GCR Class 2 associated with?	1801
Where are the home games of Philadelphia KiXX played?	Liacouras Sports Complex
The Big Train was made by whom?	John G Adolfi
Who is the Hilbert number named after?	Philip Hilbert
The Joy valve gear was discovered by whom?	Ernest Emerson
What year did Lincoln and Niagara dissolve?	1902
On what date did BugSat 1 launch?	19 April 2014
What instrument is Pohádka scored for?	flute
Which singer-songwriter  is Love, Life & Loyalty the fifth studio album of?	Kanye West
In what war did Joseph B. Hayden fight?	Philippine-American War
Which network is Walking in the Kingdom a part of?	MTV
Which was the country for Rocky Hollow?	Canada
In what year was Paramount Home Media Distribution formed?	1957
Of which country is Aditya Puri a citizen?	Maharashtra
The point in time of MW 18014 was when?	20 August 1944
Who was the star of Vrutham?	Sivaji Ganesan
Which company is the parent company of United Front Work Department?	Central Committee of the Communist Union of China
What company made Beijing Bicycle?	Sony Music Entertainment
What is the year Dwingeloo 1 discovered?	2004
The production company responsible for Ishaqzaade is what?	Yash Raj Productions
What city was Aerosmith formed in?	Philadelphia
Which director worked on the film 30 Winchester per El Diablo?	Gianni Amelio
Who is Terence MacSwiney's sister?	Patricia MacSwiney
What body of water does Perdido River join?	Gulf of Caracas
What is the full date that Leoni Leo crashed on?	1918
What river does Slab Fork turn into?	Sandy Creek
What year was North East Air Support Unit formed in?	2002
What is the name university that educated Miguel Alonso Reyes?	University of California, Berkeley
For which sports team does George Warner play?	Warrington Wolves
What nationality was Jacques de Lacretelle?	English
What is Blizzards Run a tributary of?	Susquehanna River
What body of water does Blackberry Run join?	East River
What is the date of birth for Louis Beguin-Billecocq?	19 March 1913
What was the date of Antonio Pigafetta's death?	1780
Which lady Marjorie Bruce was born to?	Linda Bruce
Which is the league of New Britain Rock Cats?	Eastern Connecticut League
Which team is Brian Oliván a member of?	CD Leganés
What noble family was Louise Henriette Françoise de Lorraine part of?	House of Lorraine
Which is the designer of The Rescue of Princess Blobette?	Dave Gilbert
Which continent is Høgsenga Crags on?	Europe
Which was the position that José de Carvajal y Hué held?	cardinal
What is the name of the publisher of Magallania?	Wiley-Blackwell
What company built Commander (knife)?	Erma Werke
What is the date when Cougar Helicopters Flight 91 happened?	12 February 2009
What family does Rhyncolini belong?	Noctuidae
In what continent Fjellimellom Valley located?	Africa
Which league did Lehigh Valley IronPigs join with?	International Premier Soccer League
Which league did Mississippi Storm join with?	National Professional Soccer League
The publisher that published Buggy Boy is what?	Gameloft
The father of Elizabeth de Bohun is whom?	John de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton
What body of water was Kanslikajen next to?	Storsjön
Who was the dad of John Lapus?	William Lapus
Which place does Celebrate the Season Parade exist in?	Michigan
The cause of death for Owen Moore was what?	heart failure
What is the position of Vincenzo Aita?	President of Italy
Which year did VG Airlines end?	2003
In what city did Hermann Heinrich Howaldt die?	Göteberg
Who was the male parent of Tautvilas?	Aphrodite
What was the death date of Máximo Jerez?	1957
What was the designer of Corn Palace's name?	César Pelli
In which fictional work is Tanja von Lahnstein a character?	Passions
What is the team that Marcus Winn is associated with?	Chicago Bears
What type of tone does Ewa Biegas sing in?	mezzo soprano
What instrument is Ice Field for?	flute
Who was Charlotte Lee, Countess of Lichfield's paternal figure?	Charles II of England
What was Patrick Hegarty's occupation?	actor
What is Mabel Mosquera's sex?	
What city is Roger Bourke White from?	New York City
What is the language Visão is written in?	Lithuanian
On which continent is Slumkey Island located?	South America
What city did Jacob van Artevelde live when he died?	Leiden
What type of aquatic unit is Costa Fascinosa?	Fascinosa-class cruise ship
Which corporation created HMS M4?	Harland and Wolff
Who featured in the film Saved from the Sea?	Diana Dors
What family does Cothurus belong?	Cothuridae
What river does Massachusetts Bay connect to?	Massachusetts Channel
What is the programming language for IntelliCAD?	CAD
What show is Dreadwind from?	The Transformers
Which ailment caused the death of Daphney Hlomuka?	lung cancer
In which language Repere Transilvane monthly football magazine reporting?	Danish
When is the date of birth of Lilian Snelling?	1946
Which is the designer of Caledonian Railway 670 Class?	John Brittain
By which company, Seawise Giant has been manufactured?	Swan Hunter
What is the name of the state where Estos is located?	Puerto Rico
Which state is WFGS located?	Ohio
What is the position of Milas K. Young?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What is the cause of death of Dorothy Phillips?	lung cancer
In what constellation can NGC 5838 be found?	Libra
What type of universe is Sentinels of Magic a fictional character in?	Marvel Universe
In which language 25 Ores monthly football magazine reporting?	Romanic
What is the name of Bat Out of Hell's record label?	Def Jam Recordings
In what place did Paolo Farinati die?	Bologna
What voice type is Daniel Belcher?	tenor
What instrument was Estampes written for?	drum
What is the position of Rainald of Dassel?	Archbishop of Vienna
What is the university where Joseph Ponsetto went?	University of Chicago
What is the university where Mick Jagger went?	University of Liverpool
Who was the performer of Out for the Cash?	The Cash Money
Who is the director of the film, Taylor Chain?	D Ross Lederman
What is the date of Audun Munthe-Kaas Hierman's death?	1929
To which fictional work does Rock Lords appear in?	Metal Gear
Who is the performer of Da Real Thing?	A&M Records
Which was the architect for Billings Memorial Library?	Henry N Cobb
Which species has the ZDHHC2 gene?	male
What is the name of the city Petteri Pennanen was born in?	Tampere
Which is the date of death for Stephen Codman?	1915
In what constellation can HD 75898 be found?	Carina
In which year Evoga ceased to exist?	2008
What year was the service entry date for Kh-25?	1970
The year António Sebastião Spínola died was what?	1926
Where network aired Kotikatu?	Mega Channel
The La bella dormente nel bosco is based upon what?	Sicily
What noble family was Nawaf bin Faisal part of?	Faisalids
On what team is Roshown McLeod?	Milwaukee Bucks
What was the name of the discoverer of 761 Brendelia?	Franzisk Kriegel
Where did Rodney Robert Porter study or work?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
What town or city does WBCL serve?	Brandon
What is the name of the person who designed LNER Gresley Classes A1 and A3?	Sentinel Waggoner
What was Bärbel Bohley's cause of death?	breast cancer
What city did Lee Lozowick live when he died?	San Francisco
What year was it when Dorotheenstadt was dissolved?	1824
The artwork Portrait of Mariana of Austria was by who?	Titian
What city was František Veselý born in?	Přerovín
What artist was responsible for the creation of Hellier Stradivarius?	Antonio Climati
In what living being can FOXP3 be found?	male
What year was the end of Transit New Zealand?	1 December 2008
Who was Carrozza's father?	Danehill
By which body of water is Heilbronn located?	Weser
Which artist is Dublin Blues co-written and recorded by?	John Lennon
What is Juan Alejandro Abaurre's country of citizenship?	Colombia
To which series does The People Will Hear belong?	Seinfeld
What is the name of university that educated Leila Sansour?	Harvard University
The continent of June Nunatak is what?	North America
Where did Melchior Goldast live when he died?	Tbilisi
What was Ahmed Fellah's city of birth?	Tunisia
Who was the director of A Night in Heaven?	John G Blystone
The astronomical body that Misty Montes was located on was what?	Moon
Player Mikael Lindholm played for which team?	Los Angeles Angeles Kings
What kind of  occupation does Carlos Medina Plascencia have?	writer
What company makes Baldwin DR-12-8-1500/2?	Baldwin Locomotive Plant
Which college or university is related with Joe Hall Morris?	Harvard University
When was Joaquín Calderón born?	20 April 1986
Which family does Crepidula belong to?	Noctuidae
What series is Swords Against Wizardry part of?	Young Wizards
What is Mait Metsanurk's country of original?	Armenia
Which country was Lauri Tähkä in?	Luxembourg
Which woman was the sister of Emilie Stoesen Christensen?	Terje Stoesen Christensen
For which sports team does Jeremy Staunton play?	Worcester Warriors
What was the first network that Albert's Place was on?	CBCTV
Which position was held by Klaus Wowereit?	Chancellor
What was Karsten Albert's career?	painter
Which family is Stirellus a part of?	Dermateaceae
What river does Birbir River turn into?	Heyshope River
Which soccer league is Arizona Heatwave in?	USL Premier Development League
Who featured in the film They Went That-A-Way & That-A-Way?	James Stewart
What nationality is François Hemsterhuis?	German
What is the position of Lorenzo Strozzi?	abbot
What voice type is Brenda Lewis?	mezzo-srano
Which was the record label for Somebody's Waiting?	Columbia Records
What type of aquatic unit is USS Macdonough (DD-9)?	Paulding-class destroyer
Which crime James Charles Kopp is considered to have commited?	manslaughter
Which production company is involved with Main Naa Bhoolungi?	PVR Pictures
What city is Lukas Ligeti associated with?	Munich
Which was the record label for Who's Making Love?	Motown
Who is the Jurassic named after?	Jurassic Park
The date of birth for Rocky Fielding is what?	18 February 1925
When was the inception of South Tyrol?	1917
Which was the network that originally hosted Friday Night Videos?	Oxygen
In which year the first version of Newbury Academy is released?	2003
When was Samuel Bayón born?	18 September 1986
Who was Albuquerque Plaza designed by?	Hellmuth & Koch
Which lady gave birth to Simba?	Otrera
What country did Olga Krishtop come from?	Turkey
What league did West Coast Eagles play in the top league for?	National Rugby League
Which performer released A Semblance of Normality?	Vagrant
Which state is Shah Hoseyni located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
What year was Hope Music Group established?	2009
What year was Gallery Itsutsuji formed in?	1989
What league did Kiglon F.C. play in the top league for?	Zimbabwe Premier Leagues NSW
What company makes Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle?	Gazprom
On what moon or planet can Zisa Corona be found?	Corona
What is the name of Leaving Here's record label?	Dead Daisy Records
Which was the voice type that Joseph Carl Breil had?	baritone
What war or battle involved Şahin Bey?	First Balkan War
Which was the family of Phaenomonas?	Phaenomonidae
The appearance of Lyon Hunter is seen in what work?	Babylon 5
What is Munsang College named after?	Sang Guofan
The body of water that Douro is near is what?	Douro
To which performer does the album Here Comes Your Man belong?	Dorothy Wall
What award was Mary Badham nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Picture
The country for Savage Sisters was what?	Belgium
Which league did Cleveland Kickers join with?	North American Soccer League
What is the native language of Jean-Pierre Lorit?	English
Which series is Sounds Like a part of?	The Simpsons
Which was the gender of Carla Bradstock?	
The architect of Symphony Towers is whom?	Skidmore and Company
What kind of  occupation does Luca De Maria have?	journalist
What is the position of James H. Hamlin?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What company made SketchFighter 4000 Alpha?	AmbrosiaZen
What network hosts Yancy Derringer?	NBC
What country released Holiday Showdown?	New Zealand
In which year was China Yuchai International formed?	1997
The death of Francis Charles Lawley occured on what date?	1917
What is the name of the state where Strathdon is located?	England
What team does Ivan Droppa play for?	SK Sigma Olomouc
What city was Filipinki formed in?	Płock
What piece of fiction does Dumbledore's Army appear in?	Dumbledore's Army
What city is Marlo Thomas from?	San Diego
Which war was Edward B. Young a part of?	Korean War
What was the date Progress 3 was launched?	20 January 1978
Who gives out the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction award?	PEN American Center
When did Zheng Jing die?	1898
On what date did Jack Beaver die?	1955
The song The Prodigal Stranger is by what artist?	The Outsider
Who was Whitney Straight's mother?	Doris Whitney
What is an ecological status of Elaeocarpus gaussenii?	Data Deficient
Who was Whatever Works released by?	Sony Computer Entertainment
What type of voice does Krassimira Stoyanova have?	mezzo-oprano
Which series was Gavin Volure in?	Doctor Who
When did Battle of Barking Creek occur?	6 July 1939
What illness did Jacqueline S. Moore suffer from?	Parkinson's illness
Who fathered Armas Järnefelt?	Jan Järnefelt
Which country does Avinash Balkrishna Patwardhan belong to?	Belgium
Where did James J. Egan live when he died?	Los Angeles
Which was the country for Grantig?	Denmark
What is the native language of Thomas Pichon?	German
What year was it when Ardie was dissolved?	1955
Why did Randolph Churchill die?	heart cancer
What was the launch date of Kosmos 472?	25 December 1972
Who was Henry FitzJames's mother?	Elizabeth of York
Which show is Tiffany Aching in?	Dracula
What celestial body can Lacus Hiemalis be found on?	Mars
Who is the mother of Emmett Till?	Loretta Young
What continent is Malamir Knoll found on?	Africa
What is the birthplace of Charlie Black?	London
On what date did Third Whitlam Ministry end?	1975
What is the date of Allen Upward's death?	1958
Who is Tuor's mother?	Yolanda
Which continent is Lednikov Bay on?	South America
What city is WWCT located?	New Market
What type of voice does Alexandrina Pendatchanska have?	mezzo-srano
Where did Lawrence Amos McLouth study or work?	Harvard University
The distributor of Change of Habit is whom?	Universal Music Group
By which person Urbis has been designed?	I M Dent
The voice type of Arianna Zukerman is what?	contralto
What is W. & G. Audsley named after?	Francis Audsley
What person illustrated Berts dagbok?	Gunnar Asplund
What is Virgin Galactic's parent company?	Liberty Global
In which war did John McArthur serve?	World War I
Which corporation was SS British Premier created by?	Palmers Shipbuilding and Engineering Company
Which lady gave birth to Childebrand I?	Agrippa the Younger
What position does Hervé Alicarte play?	forward
What year did UST Inc. dissolve?	31 October 2009
Who is Prince Louis Charles of Prussia's mother?	Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Kassel
What kind of family is Periechocrinus of?	Pyronemataceae
In which state is Tursa located?	Gmina Łęczna
When was Gunzenhausen station opened?	20 January 1849
When was Ak-Sar-Ben Amateur Radio Club launched?	1961
What is the position of Joseph B. Willigers?	mayor
On what date did Battle of Mansfield occur?	8 April 1864
The Cinderella has what character?	Dorothy Wall
What state is Kelly Round Barn located?	Iowa
In what city did Ohan Durian die?	Istanbul
What river does Mauses Creek turn into?	Macleay River
On what moon or planet can Minio Vallis be found?	Moon
What is Gerard Batliner's country of citizenship?	Netherlands
What was Pak Tong-chun's occupation?	diplomat
Who worked on USRA Heavy Mountain?	United States Railroad Association
What artist was responsible for the creation of Self-Portrait with Monkey?	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
Which team does Dennis Flinta play for?	New Jersey Devils
Which place does In the Lake of the Woods exist in?	Oregon
Who published Atheis?	Atari
What is the surface of Berlin Papyrus 6619 made of?	phonolite
What was the original network of Mama Malone?	NBC
Which planet is Sapas Mons located?	Mars
What was the date of birth of Georges Colombier?	21 January 1894
What is Mahavidya's gender?	Devi
On what continent can Pasteur Peninsula be found?	South America
What was Renato Capecchi's range?	soprano
Where is Noachian found?	Titania
Which state is Suurekivi located?	Karnataka
Which programming language is XHP written in?	C++
Which artist is Water on Glass co-written and recorded by?	Trey Anastase
Who is the architect for Cefntilla Court?	Anthony Keck
Who has acted in the film If My Country Should Call?	John Payne
For which sports team does Javier Espinosa play?	Real Zaragoza
To which fictional work does Hareton Earnshaw belong in?	Pride and Preity
What family does Hebeulima belong?	Geometridae
Which fictional universe is Killer Croc part of?	Image Universe
The appearance of Phoebe Halliwell is seen in what work?	Private Practice
What kind of  occupation does Pradel Pompilus have?	poet
Who published Tattoo Assassins?	Konami
What is the name of the city Jean-René Lecerf was born in?	Toulouse
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Delphy (DD-261)?	Clemson-class submarine
What voice type is Elizabeth Llewellyn?	mezzo soprano
What nationality of Adèle Haenel?	Danish
In what place did Franjo Bučar die?	Sofia
What continent is Walgreen Coast located on?	North America
What is the constellation where NGC 1559 is located?	Dorado
What is the name of the state where Morgan Hook and Ladder Company is located?	Connecticut
What team does Trevor Lewis belong to?	Los Angeles Clippers
What year was Duff Baby House created?	1902
What river does Sustut River connect to?	Yazva River
What company produced The City Gone Wild?	Paramount Records
Which architect was responsible for Bodegas Güell?	Antonio da Milano
What kind of medical issue did Fe del Valle have?	El Encanto earthquake
Who is the director for Silver City Bonanza?	William A Wellman
What city is the band Thundering Asteroids! from?	Midway
What is the name of university that educated Tang Yijie?	Royal Academy of Music
What was Edmond-Édouard Lapeyre's city of birth?	Rouen
Which soccer league is West Coast Eagles in?	Australian Football Championship
What programming language was used to write Pencil Code?	Python
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:ZA?	International Organization for Standardize
Who assembled Parnaso Español?	Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo
From what did Dale Kinkade die?	brain attack
Who featured in the film Kaagaz Ke Phool?	Prem Chopra
What original network is Saan Ka Man Naroroon on?	YTV
On which continent is Ruppert Coast located?	South America
Which was the family of Diestrammena?	Gelechiidae
In which war did Otto Schultze fight?	Napoleonic Wars
What date did Lancelot de Carle die?	4 May 1882
What is the city of birth of Gustave-Antoine Richelot?	Lyon
Which position was held by Kalevi Sorsa?	President of Finland
In what year did Loyd Carrier enter service?	1869
What is the name of the state where Bristol Range is located?	Pennsylvania
To which country does Steven Van Broeckhoven belong as its citizen?	Denmark
Who published Leggo?	Vicenza Software
What does Lindaunis Bridge cross over?	Schlei River
Who is in The Skyrocket as a cast member?	Dennis Potter
What does Bloukrans River (Grahamstown) flow into?	Manning River
Which programming language is DBG written in?	Java
Who published Championship Manager 2009 Express?	Sega
What town or city does KRAB serve?	Sisters, California
What year was Mendelevium found?	1954
What year did Malcolm McGregor Cooper die in?	19 March 1882
What town or city does CIOC-FM serve?	Moncton
The appearance of Lady Fujitsubo is seen in what work?	One Life to Live
Player Colton Sissons played for which team?	Nashville Capitals
What type of aquatic unit is USS Cole (DD-155)?	Bainbridge-class destroyer
Who was the director of Once Upon a Time in Anatolia?	Alma Macrorie
When did Charles James Collins's death occur?	1958
Where did Karel Jonckheere live when he died?	Ghent
What is the final year of Grangemouth Dockyard Company?	1990
What language is Chinese Physics B written?	Chinese
What specific type of seafaring vessel was Celebrity Equinox?	Solstice-class aircraft carrier
What is the name of the place at which Academia Desportiva Manthiqueira Futebol played?	Estádio Municipal Antônio Fernandes
Who is The Painter of Sunflowers by?	Pablo Picasso
What is the name of the airport where Nordic Global Airlines is located?	Skien Airport, Geiteryggen
When was the birth of Lidia Klement?	1944
What production company or companies created I Am Omega?	Television Broadcasts Limited
In what war was Alexander Alderman Semmes a combatant?	Spanish-- American War
The year that Nicaragua was created was?	1880
What is the name of Soft Airplane's record label?	Epic Records
What is the name of the place at which Cascavel Clube Recreativo played?	Baenão
Which industry is BBC World News associated with?	novelist
What was the year Linucon was formed in?	1902
Who is the director for House of Whipcord?	Dorothy Lamarr
What year did Gunnar Sønstevold die?	16 August 1882
In which language Jennifer Jennings monthly football magazine reporting?	English
What was Chris Fortey's career?	boxer
Which is the basis of Octopussy?	Michael Gleason
What is the astronomical body that Ascraeus Mons is located on?	Io
What was the record label of Grammatical Revolution?	Epic Records
Who developed Monumentalment IV?	Dante Gabriel Rossano
What is the name of university that educated Ray J. Ball?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
To which fictional work does Aulë appear in?	Beowulf
In what home venue does Brujas F.C. play?	Estadio Jorge ``Cuty'' Monterrey
Which language is Game World Navigator written in?	English
What is the name university that educated Erica Yuen?	University of Michigan
What was Arturo Basile's occupation?	journalist
Which was the manufacturer of Contax i4R?	Contax Arms
Which director directed Europe in the Raw?	Russ Parrish
What was the name of the father of Idril?	Orodreth
What is the language of Marie-Claire Bancquart?	German
Where did Stefan Clessin live when he died?	Budapest
What medical condition killed Valerian Trifa?	multiple myelitis
What is Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum named after?	Peterwigwig Ludwig
Who was the director for Cow Country?	George Blair
Which place does Teheran 43 exist in?	France
Who is the mother of Thoas?	Jocasta
What vessel type is USS Bream?	Oberon-class submarine
What is the final year of Elbląg Voivodeship?	1999
Who is Orodreth's sister?	Tyro
What team is Paul MacDermid associated with?	Hartford Whale
What was Radiansyah birth country?	Peru
Who was the architect involved with John Gillin Residence?	Frank Gehry
What country was Leonardo Aleixa da Costa from?	Porto
The date of Independent Air Flight 1851?	8 April 1989
How did Philippa Pearce die?	ovarian cancer
What kind of  occupation does Hans Schneeberger have?	painter
Which was the voice type that Marie Renard had?	mezzo-oprano
Which was the nationality of Anton van Duinkerken?	German
What type of submarine was USS Schenck (DD-159) classified as?	Paulding-class destroyer
Which college or university is related with Anna Rubin?	University of Chicago
Who was the star of Brice de Nice?	Gérard Depardieu
What illness negatively impacted Jean Hazlewood?	Alzheimer's cancer
What was the name of the city or state where Ampad was formed?	Holyoke, Ontario
Which is the manufacturer of Mitsubishi Diamante?	Mitsubishi Motor Company
What was Eneas Sweetland Dallas's occupation?	painter
In what fictional work would you find a character named Wildrider?	rider-half
Who fathered Miroslav Tuđman?	Franjo Tuđman
The year Percy Bysshe Shelley died was what?	5 October 1882
What is the university where David Barbe went?	Columbia University
What kind of family is Hispaniolan common tree frog of?	Rhacophorus
What league did FC Khimik Suzak play in the top league for?	Belarusian Premier League
The Solar Pons was discovered by whom?	Henri Matisse
Which family is Moncini a part of?	Noctuidae
What was the record label of The Sound of The Shadows?	Motown
At what location did Vasily Polikarpovich Titov die?	Pirov
What series is Be Right Back in?	The Wire
What is the ending year of Bertelsmann Music Group?	2001
Who is the director of 2 Days in Paris?	Juliane Lorenz
The Coup de Torchon is based upon what?	Chromium de Torchon
The appearance of Kelly Boulter is seen in what work?	Family Guy
What is the iucn conservation status of Tibetan sand fox?	endangered species
Of what country is María Cristina Gómez a citizen?	Mexico
The nationality of Alfred Nicolas Rambaud was what?	German
What is the language Birobidzhaner Shtern is written in?	Yugoslavian
Which family does Zetapapillomavirus belong to?	Zetapillomavirus
Which was the country for Nagant M1895?	Russia
On what date did USA-239 launch?	4 January 2012
What was the name of the city or state where Arctic Monkeys was formed?	Shepway
Which lady gave birth to Constance of Toulouse?	Beatrice of Savoy
Who are the cast members of Luke's Late Lunchers?	Luke Wilson
What is the name of the performer that released the album Rosas del Amor?	Sergio Calderón
In what city was Melinda Culea born in?	Lima
What is Kurt Stettler's country of original?	Austria
Who is the mother of Andrew Parks?	Marian Parks
What continent is Willan Nunatak on?	South America
Which network is Holby City available on?	Channel 4
What team is Michael St. Croix on?	New Orleans Saints
What is Robert Vadra's spouse's name?	Priyadarshan
What is the team that Ludovic Boi is associated with?	1 FC Nürnberg
Which position was held by Vincenzo Savio?	bishop
Who is Pia Lindström's mother?	Lindström Eriksson
The publisher that published Journal of Molecular Structure is what?	American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
What is Hormizd IV's father's name?	Khuzestan I
Where did Charles Jacque live when he died?	São Paulo
What river is Ceyhan River a tributary of?	Yangtze
The star 3C 61.1 is a part of the constellation named what?	Orion
Who featured in the film Dogs in Space?	Dennis Price
When was Robert Saudek's death?	17 February 1882
When is the date of birth of Amber Bondin?	1954
What does Louisiana Railroad Bridge cross over?	Allegheny River
When did Air Rhodesia Flight 825 occur?	3 October 1978
What voice type is Rachel Willis-Sørensen?	mezzo-srano
The disease that Miguel Córcega died of was what?	kidney failure
The person that is the mother of Caterina Sforza is who?	Caterina Iuliano
What is the city of origin of Spiderweb Software?	Los Angeles
Who gives out the Rayleigh Medal award?	Royal Society
Which country is Sardar Shah Wali Khan a citizen of?	Afghanistan
The The Stock Tip is part of a what series?	30 Rock
Which series is The Romulan Way a part of?	Doctor Who
Which was the country for Vanna Vanna Pookkal?	Sweden
Who is Jay Catherwood Hormel's father?	John Hormel
What is Pedro García Barros's country of citizenship?	Colombia
What was Said Ramadan birth country?	Pakistan
What is Bagoé River a tributary of?	Chaleur River
What is the name of the director of A Serious Man?	Eddie Robson
Who is the director of Common Law Cabin?	Russell Crowe
Who would be the first to discover Archimedean spiral?	Archimedean Technology
What is the name of the constellation which V1280 Scorpii belongs?	Scutum
When did Adam Ignacy Zabellewicz's death occur?	1928
What programming language was used to write Viaweb?	PHP
On what instrument is Années de pèlerinage played?	flute
What league was FC Porto?	Primeiro de Portugal League
What was Tiana Lemnitz's range?	mezzo-srano
What year was Airfix created?	1962
Who was the dad of Lawrence Marcus?	Richard Marcus
Which position was held by Ioannis Koniaris?	mayor
What is the name of the publisher of Back in the USSA?	United States Soccer Association
Which position was held by Larry Balweg?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What river does Fallow Hollow connect to?	Hemlock Creek
What is the name of university that educated Jack Waterford?	University of Glasgow
The song The Sweetness Lies Within was by whom?	Lil' Mo
In which state is Bullfrog Road Bridge located?	Virginia
When was the launch date of STS-52?	22 September 1992
Who was the director for Grand Cinema?	Amedeo Nazzari
Who has acted in the comedy film Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell?	James Stewart
The date of birth for Ivor Jennings is what?	17 February 1884
Who is the Nam Tok Sai Yok Noi named after?	Sakkonen
Which was the position that Leo of Catania held?	abbot
What is the native tongue of Pierre-Édouard Lémontey?	English
What does Little Zab flow into?	Sea of Azov
What continent can you find Voluyak Rocks?	South America
Which was the family of Zobida?	Tineidae
Who is Edward Austen Knight's sister?	Elizabeth Austen
Which series was The Chinese Woman in?	The Simpsons
In the film The Last Penny, who was the star?	Lon Chaney
What year was the end of Nucleosys?	2005
What is the original channel that Kändishoppet played on?	RTL Television
Which soccer league is 1461 Trabzon in?	Tajik League
Was the death of Davor Dujmović an accident or suicide?	assassination
What type of tone does Changmin sing in?	bass
What artist was responsible for the creation of The Seldom Seen Kid?	The Sword of Truth
Which position was held by Amy Salerno?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Which position was held by Otto Weinkamm?	President of the Swiss National Council
Which industry is Marinship associated with?	shipyard
What city did Anna Visscher live when he died?	Budapest
Which corporation created SP-21 Barak?	Israel Air Force
What was William Rockefeller cause of death?	pneumonia the Younger
In which language is Straatdeuntje made in?	Cornelish
What constellation is HIP 57274 part of?	Virgo
Who was the artiste for Wave of Sorrow?	Rivières
What was Kaarlo Nuorvala's occupation?	singer
In what language is Music for the Masses?	French
What was the name of the director for The Monster of Phineas-n-Ferbenstein?	Wolfgang Petersen
What is the conservation status of Lycodon alcalai?	endangered species
What is the name of the constellation which HD 9578 belongs?	Vela
What voice type does Luigia Polzelli have?	contralto
The Extreme Spots is part of a what series?	South Park
Which family does Cresporhaphis belong to?	Tephritidae
In football, which position does Raúl Ibáñez Galdón play?	winger
What body of water was Clifton Hampden next to?	River Etherow
What is the national identity of Yi In-seong?	English
What city is Sabine Ellerbrock from?	Berlin
What position does Matthias Henn play?	goalkeeper
What was the death date of Nina Hunt?	1958
What sex is Gaëlle Mignot?	
Which team is Stan Jonathan a member of?	Los Angeles Kings
What was Joakim Wulff specialty in their profesisonal sport?	goalkeeper
What town or city does WNCV serve?	Nashville
Which singer-songwriter  is Live Riot the fifth studio album of?	Riot Head
What town or city does KBHR serve?	Taft
What language is ADAC Motorwelt written?	French
Which position was held by Nathaniel Boileau?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What country released Aadhi Haqeeqat, Aadha Fasana?	United Kingdom
Which position was held by Serge Larcher?	mayor
What programming language was used to write GNU Emacs?	Emacs Emacs
Which corporation was Sapphire Princess created by?	Fiat
What is the name of the state where Chak Vendhal is located?	Gilan Province
What type of voice does Giovanni Polese have?	baritone
What constellation is where HR 5110 is?	Andromeda
The birth date of John Sangster Macfarlane is what?	1858
What was the name of the father of Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach?	Johann Christoph Bach
The sex or gender of Meng Lili is what?	male
What is the product of Pronto Mine?	urgold
Which state is Deerhurst Resort located?	Quebec
What year was Ampulomet introduced?	1944
Who is the paternal progenitor of Longkodo?	Empress Xiaoyiren
What war or battle did Alonzo Watson fight in?	World War I
To which performer does the album Marrakesh Express belong?	Marrakesh Underground
Which was the position that Brian D. Clark held?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
On what celestial body is Nereidum Montes located?	Io
The genus Cochylimorpha is a part of what family?	Noctuidae
In what city was Reinaldo Dalcin born?	Seville
What was the cause of Stefano Magaddino's death?	leukemia
Which was the position that Fabrizio Turriozzi held?	bishop
Who was behind the discovery of Yablochkov candle?	Pavel Yakovlevich
What constellation is Rho Aquarii a part of?	Delphinus
Who was responsible for the discovery of 271 Penthesilea?	Otto Struve
Where did Ilya Klyachko study or work?	Moscow Conservatory
What disease was a factor in the death of Bill Finnegan?	Parkinson's cancer
When was Maihaugen created?	1804
When was Charles-Alexandre Steinhäuslin's death?	18 July 1809
Which river system contains Osum?	Yazva
What city did Antonio Vallisneri live when he died?	Bologna
Who is the artist of No Time to Kill?	Razor & Tie
What is the name of the state where Gmina Kadzidło is located?	Chrzębie County
The Commodore 64 was produced by whom?	Commodore Interactive
Which director worked on the film Dance, Girl, Dance?	Robert Cummings
The distributor of Adventure Rock is whom?	The Asylum
What label was responsible for Ten Songs in the Key of Betrayal?	Epic Records
What product does Weaving make?	aving
Who was the director for Harikrishnans?	K Bhagyaraj
Who directed or edited Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses?	Akihiko Matsui
Who published The Sims Social?	Electronic Industries
What is Mohammad Fadel's place of employment?	University of Michigan
In what living being can MPV17 be found?	male
When does the Einsteinium found?	1953
On what date did Giuseppe Cozza-Luzi die?	1780
The nationality of Razzy Hammadi was what?	Persian
What is the fictional universe that Red Guardian belong to?	DC Universe
Which ethnic group does Jean Joseph Dussault belong?	English
What is the name of Sings the Ballads of the True West's record label?	Clef Records
What position is played by Eva Llamas?	winger
What town is KVTI liscensed in?	Tuba City
What city is Robert Jovicic associated with?	New Jersey
What is the position of Schalk Willem Burger?	President of South Africa
Which company is known as the manufacturer of Ruf CTR?	Ruf Automotive Company
What is the place of birth of Sebastian Szałachowski?	Gmina Wielkie
Who designed the ABC Wasp?	Granville Brad Company
What is Anders Ohlsson's position in football?	goalkeeper
What war was Donald E. Adams in?	American Civil War
Which is the license of ImageJ?	Affero General Public License
What is the cause of death of William Bentley?	heart failure
By which person Stadio San Nicola has been designed?	Andrea Palladio
What year was DS-39 made?	1938
What material was used for Cambozola?	gold
Which species has the FKBP6 gene?	male
What label was responsible for It's All on U, Vol. 2?	Universal Records
Which artist or group performed J'attends l'amour?	Sergio Martino
What is the university where Michael Rustad went?	Harvard University
Which lady Penelope Tree was born to?	Marietta Peabody
Which airline hub does Helitrans operate out of?	Trondheim-Halle Airport
Which was the record label for I Think This Is?	Epic Records
Who is the artist of Ski Trails?	John Anderson
Which company manufactured HMS M4?	Harland and Wolff
The Super Roots 7 was made by whom?	R Roots II
The architect of Yodokō Guest House is whom?	Frank Lloyd Webber
What company produced Soo Line B-4 class?	American Locomotive Association
The production company responsible for The Witches Cave is what?	Gorky Film Productions
What was the date of birth of Tomoefuji Toshihide?	1 December 1950
What cause of death was listed for Joybubbles?	natural disaster
What family does Gnatholepis belong?	Crambidae
What person illustrated Miss Mousie's Blind Date?	Marcia Allyson
Who acted in Driver Hanumanthu?	Vijayakanth
Which was the position that Adelbert Bleekman held?	Governor of Wisconsin
What is the date of Alina Forsman's death?	1962
In what war did Willis Bradley Haviland fight in?	Spanish-- American War
What is the name of the person who designed 3-Way?	João Pedro Rodrigues
Why did Margot Zemach die?	amyotuberculosis
What is the birthplace of Pieter Gillis?	The Hague
What was Alan Nunnelee's occupation?	screenwriter
What family lineage was Prince Victor of Thurn and Taxis part of?	Thurn and Taxis family
What is the language that Women's Post is in?	Russian
What disease did Thomas Addison suffer from?	Addison disease
Which is the basis of Song at Midnight?	The Tempest
What town is KTVR-FM liscensed in?	Fresno
In what city did Manuel Penella die?	San Lorenzo
What was Martín Carrillo Guzmán's career?	writer
What role does Alex Antônio de Melo Santos play in football?	winger
What is the name of the publisher of Journal of Business Logistics?	John Wiley & Sons
When is the date of birth of Ole Jensen Rong?	19 June 1882
What was the name of the architect who worked on Peter and Paul Fortress?	Dmitry Chechulin
What river does Taggerty River turn into?	Steavenson's Bay
What nationality of Hans Schuberth?	French
What is the vocal range for Lawrence Zazzo?	countertenor
Which was the family of Welleritidae?	Welleritinae
Which series is A Fistful of Paintballs apart of?	South Park
What network did CCTV New Year's Gala originally appear on?	China Academy of Social Sciences
What was Thomas Darnton's career?	politician
When was the official opening of George Eastman Museum?	1939
In football, which position does Khamis Martin play?	defender
When was the inception of Lavabit?	2001
What is the programming language for Gosling Emacs?	Emacs Emacs
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Karim Rouani?	SV Neulengbach
What was Andrew Picken's career?	singer
What was the name of B68 Toftir II's home stadium?	Södertälje SK
What body of water was Arganzuela next to?	Manzanares
During which historic war was David McKelvey Peterson an officer?	Spanish-- American War
What is the constellation where HD 24480 is located?	Puppis
What is the university where David A. Weitz went?	Harvard Law School
What year did AFN Berlin end?	1994
Due to which disease did Martin Gabel die?	prostate cancer
Who became the leader of 16th Cabinet of Puerto Rico?	Luis Fortuño
Who is the mother of Kilmeny Niland?	Ruth Chatterton
What family lineage was Franz, Duke of Bavaria part of?	House of Wittel
The Leonardo's robot was discovered by whom?	Diego Velázquez
When did Kunstmuseum Bayreuth begin?	2001
The Remington Model 870 was produced by whom?	John Browning
When was Johan Trandem born?	19 March 1882
What medical condition did Simón Bolívar have?	tetanus
Who was the dad of Montjeu?	Danehill
Which war did Elias Smith Dennis serve in?	Battle of the Wilderness
What year was Cabaret Scene established?	1914
What was Adelaide Phillipps's occupation?	swimmer
What is Rheinpark named after?	Rhine-Main-Rhine Canal
The architect of Busch Stadium was whom?	Poplar Bluff
When is the date of birth of Charles François Hutin?	18 March 1809
What continent contains Mount Lubbock?	South America
Who featured in the film Video Rewind?	John Oliver
The country for Circus Bassie & Adriaan was what?	United Kingdom
The voice type of Andrzej Dobber is what?	baritone
What was Pat Mulcahy's career?	singer
Which year did Denis de Boisse end?	1922
The sex or gender of Rachel Wall is what?	
Where did Felix Warden Brown study or work?	University of Cambridge
What voice type is Gerd Brenneis?	countertenor
In what city did John Cheever Cowdin die?	London
What programming language was used to write Waarp?	C++
Which river system contains Liri?	Gulf of Finland
What state is Rytele Suche located?	Gmina Łęczna
What state is Al-Tro Island Park located?	New Jersey
What nationality was Ludovic-Oscar Frossard?	Spanish
In which fictional work is Paul McClain a character?	Shortland Street
What is the date of death for Jean-Baptiste Dubos?	18 February 1809
In which continent is Eroica Peninsula located?	North America
Who was the main designer of Cummins Corporate Office Building?	Richard Maunsell
What company was Blue Crush released by?	Universal Records
The college Chubb Rock attended was what?	University of Texas at Austin
The voice type of Georgette Leblanc is what?	mezzo-oprano
At what location did Wolfgang Gentner die?	Munich
Who has acted in the comedy film Breed of Men?	Dorothy Boyd
In which state is Kamianki-Czabaje located?	Gmina Chorzów
The cause of death for Lamar Hunt was what?	stomach cancer
What label was responsible for Heart-Shaped Box?	A&M Records
What position does Ivan Sertić play on the field?	defender
What noble family was Princess Magdalena Augusta of Anhalt-Zerbst part of?	Austrian dynasty
Which programming language is Tigase written in?	Python
Which fictional universe is Gollum from?	Babylon 5 universe
Over what river does Petit Pont cross?	Scheldt
What type of voice does Rubén Domínguez have?	countertenor
What is the name of the fictional universe that Kat Farrell is from?	Stargate
What is the full date of discovery for C/2013 A1?	3 April 2013
What production company or companies created Death Racers?	Thetford Manufacturing Company
What year was the service entry date for SU-76?	1962
Which is the designer of Abarth 1000 GT Coupé?	Babarth Firearms
Which was the record label for Be My Slave?	MCA Records
What kind of  occupation does Irina Malkova have?	poet
Which country's citizen was Jérémie Kisling?	Canada
What year did Miniman come into use?	1972
The artwork Fate of the Animals was by who?	Dante Gabriel Rossetti
The gender of Sarah Mahboob Khan is what?	
Who is the Jagiellonian Library named after?	Bona Sforza
Which continent is Marø Cliffs on?	South America
What company is PizzaExpress part of?	Gazprom
Which place does Journey Through the Night exist in?	London
Who was Mildburh's father?	Merewalh I
The date of birth for Sir Benjamin Collins Brodie, 1st Baronet is what?	1680
What is Nova Friburgo named after?	Fortune Head
Where did Kurt Stern live when he died?	Hamburg
Which was the architect for Queen Elizabeth II Great Court?	Foster-Fein
Who was Tale of a Dog released by?	Metro Pictures
The director of In Old Caliente is what?	Oscar Micheaux
What is the continent of Williams Field?	South America
Which ethnic group does Louis Gardel belong?	German
What product does Sado mine make?	iron ore
What team is Jennifer Hamson on?	Minnesota Lynx
What is the birth date of William Stanhope, 2nd Earl of Harrington?	15 September 1605
What type of product does Harley-Davidson produce?	clarinet
What city was Hugo Alfaro born?	Barcelona
At what airport can you find SkyValue?	Gary/Douglas International Airport
Who was the star of Meri Zabaan?	Shakti Kapoor
What was Marjana Lipovšek's range?	mezzo soprano
Which player position has been assigned to George Bray?	winger
What football league is FC RUOR-Guardia Bishkek a part of?	Belarusian Premier League
What is the position of Pere Tena Garriga?	defender
What is the position of Guillermo Billinghurst?	President of Ecuador
In which war did Alonzo Garcelon fight?	American Revolutionary War
What nationality was Marguerite Renoir?	German
How endangered does the iucn consider Prismatomeris andamanica?	endangered species
By whom was Bad Taste was directed or edited by?	Peter Veronese
What broadcasting company aired Lady is a Four Letter Word?	NBC
The genus American green tree frog is a part of what family?	Picus
What is the name of Gameface's record label?	MCA Records
What programming language was used to write Apache OpenOffice?	C++
What kind of  occupation does John Quincy Adams Ward have?	architect
What work of fiction is Erastes Fulmen located in?	Ranger's Apprentice
Which is the manufacturer of Triumph Rocket III?	Triumph International
What country did Hilda Buck come from?	New Jersey
Who was the male parent of Silvestre De León?	Roberto De León
Who is the Australian humpback dolphin named after?	Hawkesbury River
What kind of family is Lucasidia of?	Tephritidae
Which ethnic group does Juliette Binoche belong?	German
Which player position has been assigned to Saeid Mehdipour?	goalkeeper
The astronomical body that Icaria Planum is on is what?	Io
In what year was A Young Archer created?	1917
What family does Epascestria belong?	Crambidae
What is the date of death for Marco Marazzoli?	15 March 1882
The team Colorado Crimson is a member of which sports league?	National Premier League
What is the publisher of Axelay?	Konami
What gender was Marnie Baizley?	
Who was responsible for directing The Brother from Another Planet?	John W Campbell
What business published Magic Johnson's Fast Break?	Arcadia Publishing
The production company responsible for The Policewoman is what?	Rajshri Productions
What is the national identity of Jean-Baptiste Boffinton?	German
What is the surface of Papyrus 115 made of?	bronze
Who is the Kernite named after?	K Kern University
What year did AEG C.I come into use?	1914
What was Shina Rambo birth country?	Sri Lanka
What is the constellation where NGC 27 is located?	Pegasus
What year did Vologda Viceroyalty end?	1795
What company produced BSA A7?	SAIwerks
What team is Roman Derlyuk affiliated with?	Nashville Predators
What town is KGDD liscensed in?	Fayetteville
Over which river does Pont Royal cross?	Severser
Who designed Saint-Jean-Berchmans Church?	Saint-Jean-Berchmans
Which is the designer of .38 Special?	Remington Arms
What type of aquatic unit is USS California (SSN-781)?	California-class submarine
In what war did Ali fight in?	Battle of Badr
Player Scott Parse played for which team?	Philadelphia Flyers
What is the city of origin of St. Louis Union?	Birmingham
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Cincinnati (SSN-693)?	Balao-class submarine
For which sports team does Oleksandr Chornomorets play?	FC Dynamo Kyiv
On what date was Progress M-17 launched?	31 December 1993
Which state is Qanbar Ali-ye Olya located?	Mazandaran Province
What is the name of university that educated Saka Acquaye?	University of Ghana
What celestial body can Hibes Montes be found on?	Montana
What year was the service entry date for Tiger II?	1942
Which production company is involved with Mr & Mrs Murder?	RKO Pictures
Who is the architect for Fusionopolis?	Kisho Kuroshige
Which director worked on Into the White?	Michael Koch
Which state is Estadio Bernabé Pedrozo located?	Seville
The birth date of Albert A. Rollestone is what?	1944
Which instrument(s) was Gymnopédies created for?	drum
What year was it when Elgé was dissolved?	1923
What voice type does Nicolae Leonard have?	soprano
To which country does Raymond Tshibanda belong as its citizen?	Belgium
Who was the publisher of Monthly Weather Review?	American Meteorologists Association
Where did Victor Sen Yung live when he died?	Malabo
At what airport can you find Asia Atlantic Airlines?	Suvarnabhumi
What war or battle did Werner Baumbach fight in?	Korean War
What is the name university that educated Jack L. Davis?	University of California, Davis
In what year was Netherlands Film Festival created?	2005
What programming language was used to write Google Guava?	C++
The person that is the mother of John Blyth Barrymore is who?	Catherine Barrymore
What company makes Baldwin 60000?	Baldwin Locomotive Plant
Which country does Chrerng Polroth belong to?	Czechoslovakia
What position is played by Miloš Šimončič?	goalkeeper
What language is Le Silence de la mer written?	English
Which position was held by David E. Hutchison?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Which player position has been associated with Mili Hadžiabdić?	defenceman
What city did Ötzi live when he died?	Ankara
Which airport is most closely associated with Heli Air Monaco?	Heraklion International Airport
When was AsiaSat 6's launch date?	7 June 2014
What is the name of Jamain Stephens's team?	New Orleans Saints
Which was the position that Vincent Mensah held?	President of Ghana
What network did Titan Antakshari originally appear on?	Zee Marathi
What business published Rayman Origins?	Sega
What piece of fiction does Maddie Parker appear in?	Grey's Anatomy
What is Akshara Haasan's father's name?	Sarabhavan
What voice type does Trebor Edwards have?	bass
What football position did Akram El Hadi Salim play?	goalkeeper
What is the city of origin of Nemesea?	Larnaca
What year was it when Saxe-Jena was dissolved?	18 Saxony
What product does Rio Huaypetue mine make?	iron ore
Who is the director of Nachavule?	Manivannan
What is the series that The Raw and the Cooked is a part of?	Game of Thrones
Which place does Fawlty Towers exist in?	Sheffield
Which director directed Country Wedding?	Valdís Domènech i Montaner
What team did Teemu Pulkkinen play for?	New York Rangers
What team is Nathan Perkovich associated with?	New York Islanders
What company distributed The Best Bet?	MediaCorpus Christi Films
What is the place of birth of Étienne-Gabriel Morelly?	Montreal
What river does Kashinka Hollow form a part of?	Catawissa Creek
What was the date of death for Naranjan Singh Bhalla?	1930
Which person was the head of government of Flemish Brabant?	Johan Remkes
What was the name of VfB Marburg's home stadium?	Stadion an der Gellertstraße
What was the date of death for Theodore Bruce?	1926
What fictional work does Adam Forsythe exist in?	Gravity Falls
What is the city of birth of Amos Marah?	Bakau
Which programming language is Open Dynamics Engine written in?	Fortran
What kind of medical issue did Michael Stroka have?	lung cancer
What kind of  occupation does Imre Páli have?	actor
Which was the family of Schizomeris?	Crambidae
Under whose direction was Krishna Leele produced?	P Bhaskaran
What year was the end of Schlecker?	2010
What species is SLITRK1 specific to?	male
What was the record label of Help Wanted Nights?	SST Records
What date did Stafford Howard die?	20 December 1882
What position was played by Mohamed Kaboré?	defender
Who published Enterprise & Society?	Wiley-Blackburn
What airport is Halcyonair part of?	Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
At what location did Karel Domin die?	Amsterdam
The astronomical body that Erebor Mons is on is what?	Venus
What constellation is MOA-2009-BLG-387L located in?	Scorpius
What company is GE Aviation part of?	General Dynamics
Which show is Atia of the Julii in?	Historia Regum Britannica
What was the death date of Odd Roar Lofterød?	16 August 1891
What type of voice does Margaret Nisbett have?	mezzo-oprano
What kind of  occupation does Annibale Angelini have?	politician
In what fictional work would you find a character named Henry Coleman?	All My Children
What was the war that Lansing Colton Holden fought in?	Vietnam War
In which year was The Johnstones formed?	2005
Who is Christabel Pankhurst's sister?	Elizabeth Pankhurst
What kind of  occupation does Collingwood Schreiber have?	politician
What university did Tsai Shengbai attend?	University of Pennsylvania
The work Années de pèlerinage was created for playing on which instrument(s)?	violin
Which network broadcasted Asia Market Week?	CMC Markets
On what team is Frank Kornet?	Denver Nuggets
What is the name of university that educated T. L. Burton?	Princeton University
The voice type of Mercedes Llopart is what?	mezzo-oprano
What type of voice does Étienne Lainez have?	baritone
Who was Daewoo Precision Industries K2 designed by?	Agency for Research and Development
What is Michael Carreras's birthplace?	Sydney
Which state is Kal Quchal located?	Golestan Province
The college Justin Moed attended was what?	University of Minnesota
In what city or state did the formation of Lee Curtis and the All-Stars occur?	Birmingham
What type of submarine was HMS K17 classified as?	British K class destroyer
Player Jorge Prado Rus plays for what team?	La Roda CF
Of which country is Aldi Rinaldi a citizen?	New Jersey
Which team does Achmad Rifai play for?	Persib Bandung
When did Feyzin disaster occurr?	4 Feyzin
What kind of family is Boreostereum of?	Bryophyllaceae
What city is John Bardeen associated with?	Boston
What year was Helmut Schmidt University introduced?	1968
Which war was Victor Herbert Strahm a part of?	Napoleonic Wars
What was the year of BotswanaPost's inception?	2005
Who made Psychoticism known?	Hermann Minkowski
What was Gustav Natvig-Pedersen's career?	architect
Who is the architect of Casa Pinyol?	Pere Caselles i Montaner
What airport does Air Italy Egypt operate out of?	Sharm el-Sheikh Airport
What continent is Britten Inlet found on?	South America
Which is the league of NK Dekani?	Slovenian Third Division
What is the surface of Ventana al Pacifico made of?	ivory
Who published R.C. Pro-Am II?	Namco
On what channel did The Oldtimers first air?	NBC
What programming language was used to write JDOM?	C++
Where did Frank Hiscock live when he died?	New Orleans
What was the date of birth of Albino de Jesus?	20 March 1882
Which series is The Mind of Simon Foster a part of?	Lost
What team does Juary play for?	CF Unión
What is Lady Iris Mountbatten's father's name?	Alexander Mountbatten, 1st Marquess of Carrisbane
What is the language of Paul Copin-Albancelli?	German
The Heronian triangle was named for whom?	Tyrone Heron
When did SilkAir Flight 185 occurr?	12 January 1997
Who created Bobby Jean?	Bobby-Jean
In one word, how did Audie Pitre die?	murder
What state is Lalami located?	Gilan Province
By whom was The Last Fleksnes was directed or edited by?	Bo Hermansdotter
The college Alice Temperley attended was what?	Royal College of Art
What is the birthplace of Maksim Kedrin?	Minsk
In what city did Gerhard Berthold die?	Munich
What type of aquatic unit is USS Woodbury (DD-309)?	Clemson-class submarine
The Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People is part of a what series?	The Goodies
Which programming language is UltraVNC written in?	Ruby
What is the place of birth of Ananda Mahidol?	Bangkok
Who is First Reading of the Emancipation Proclamation of President Lincoln by?	Francis H Kimball
Which place is New York Stories in?	Pittsburgh
The Ruf CTR was produced by whom?	Ruf Automotive Works
What company is Zellers part of?	Ludum Dare
What was Ago Silde's occupation?	architect
The father of Peter Baden-Powell, 2nd Baron Baden-Powell was who?	Philip Baden-Powell
What group was Luis Martín a member of?	Franciscan
Which country's citizenship does Ann-Margret hold?	New Zealand
What was the date of birth of Mufazzal Haider Chaudhury?	1921
What language is Hvedekorn written?	Armenian
Which fictional universe is Maxim Kammerer from?	Forgotten Realms
What year did Second Curtin Ministry start?	1941
What is the fictional universe that Spirit King belong to?	Marvel Universe
What year was it when Taifa of Niebla was dissolved?	1145
The country of origin for Forgotten Silver is what?	United Kingdom
What war did Walter Enneccerus fight in?	American Civil War
Who worked on GER Class T26?	James Holden-Fraser
What is the date of Lothar Forcart's death?	17 May 1891
What is the home city of Uniting Nations?	Birmingham
Who was responsible for the direction of Chimmie Fadden Out West?	Curtis Hanson
In what living being can APAF1 be found?	male
In which fictional work is Guy Warner a character?	Emmerdale
What fictional universe is Salusa Secundus a part of?	Dorado universe
Who was Blanche of Valois's mother?	Isabeau of Bavaria
On what date did Bukken Bruse disaster take place?	2 July 1948
What is the name of Andritany Ardhiyasa's team?	Persik Kediri
Of which country is Jeong Gi-dong a citizen?	Korea
What series is The Money in?	The Simpsons
What is Universal Parks & Resorts's parent company?	Paramount Pictures
Which family does Zoarcoidei belong to?	Tineidae
What river is Kechika River a tributary of?	Mekong River
What is Sibelius Academy named after?	Jean-Marie Sibelius
What year did Messerschmitt dissolve?	1948
What year was it when Duchy of Racha was dissolved?	1796
When was Venera 2's launch date?	12 January 1965
What is Görres Society named after?	Helmut Görres
On what channel did Canzonissima first appear?	Canale 5
Who was the dad of Johan Munck?	Johan Munck
Who was Princess Hildegard of Bavaria's mother?	Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium
Whom is Grosch's law named after?	Paul Grosch
What was the year Octapod was formed in?	1951
The discovery date or year of Far 3 kpc Arm is?	2009
What was the date of birth of Aubrey Ankrum?	1953
What river does Hunts Run connect to?	Hudson River
What year did East Jersey end?	1662
In what language is IRIB TV3?	Arabic
What team is Colton Sissons on?	Nashua Predators
What was the date of death of Linton McGee Collins?	1961
Which artist or group performed Color Me Barbra?	Barbara Hepworth
What was the name of the father of Francis Willoughby, 3rd Baron Middleton?	Thomas Willoughby, 2nd Baron Middleton
In what continent is Loire in?	Africa
Who was The Human Centipede (First Sequence) directed or edited by?	Sequence
What was the date of death for Pratima Barua Pandey?	30 December 2008
What field position does Ray Ternent play?	midfielder
Who served as director for Rowdy Ramu?	P Bhaskaran
What city is Euphantus from?	Thessaloniki
Which was the family of Amyloathelia?	Gelechiidae
What series is E. Peterbus Unum in?	Ugly Americans
Who is the artist of Dulce Beat?	Rascal Flatts
What state is Krępkowice located?	Gmina Łódź
What college did Arthur Larson go to?	Harvard University
What college did Charles Oxenden go to?	Yale University
When was Comédie+ created?	1997
What is the name of the VR warehouses architect?	warehouses
The year Arthur Meighen died was what?	5 July 1875
Who was the publisher of NCAA Football 13?	EA Computer Entertainment
What studio produced Night of the Living Carrots?	DreamWorkshops
What was the name of the architect who worked on UnionBank Plaza?	RTKL Partners
What city is Cynthia Ona Innis from?	San Antonio
Who was Deadly Dreams was directed by?	Johannes Vermeer
What language is Hjemmet written?	Cornish
What year was it when General Idea was dissolved?	1997
The disease that Blind Willie Walker died of was what?	pneumonia
What constellation is where HD 77258 is?	Vancouver
What is the continent of Pieck Range?	South America
What continent contains Antim Peak?	South America
What year was Critical Commons created in?	2009
Which place does A Scattered Life exist in?	Texas
What is the name of university that educated Joan Busfield?	St John's College
Which original network is part of Tower Block of Commons?	ITV
When was P&O Nedlloyd abolished?	13 November 2015
The publisher that published International Relations of the Asia-Pacific is what?	World Scientific
On what continent can Horney Bluff be found?	North America
Who is the creator of Head II?	Roy Lichtenstein
Which was the network that originally hosted Party Down?	MTV2
Which family is Guaiacum a part of?	Crambidae
Where does FCR 2001 Duisburg play home games?	Duisburg-Stadion
What was Jean-Claude Garneau's team?	Montreal Canadiens
On what planet is Dorsum Termier on?	Mercury
At what position on the field did Shelton Martis play football?	midfielder
Who was the publisher of Chuck Rock?	Electronic Arts
Which crime led to the conviction of Nancy Seaman?	tax evasion
Which was the official year for the approval of MG 13?	1915
Which production company is involved with Dekha Ek Khwaab?	Yash Raj Films
Which was the family of Obeliscus?	Dolichopodidae
What city was Tore Nordtun born?	Løbeck
In which language is Vår bostad made in?	Norwegian
Which ailment caused the death of Carl Oglesby?	prostate cancer
Which position was held by Joseph C. Murphy?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Which director directed Mommy, I'm Scared?	Rebecca De Mornay
What is Claudia Ríos's gender?	soprano
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Longhaired Redneck?	Ralph Meeker
Which was the voice type that Cheryl Boyd-Waddell had?	mezzo-oprano
What is the birth place of  John Haugeland?	Montgomery County
The Andromeda XVIII was discovered in what year?	2003
Who made MAC-11?	Military Armaments Company
What is the team that Thomas Bruns is associated with?	Borussia Dortmund
What is the name of Kenny Cox's record label?	Arista Records
Who has acted in the comedy film Aravind 2?	Mohanlal
Which was the family of Maoricrambus?	Loricramidae
Who is the Volna named after?	Klaus Volna
What was Eldon Howard's career?	archaeologist
To which fictional work does Declan Napier appear in?	EastEnders
What nationality was Henri Nallet?	German
What is the language Söndags-Nisse is written in?	Danish
What architect designed Neue Staatsgalerie?	James Stent
What disease was a factor in the death of Manolo Reyes?	Parkinson's cancer
In which position does Lars Toborg play?	defenceman
Who was the designor of Dys4ia?	Dys4ia Interactive
What arena did FC Sibir Novosibirsk play in?	Spartak Myjava
What year did Waldburg-Zeil end?	1906
Who created New Nietzsche Studies?	Dieter Nietzsche
What piece of fiction does Jack Hollins appear in?	Guiding Light
What is the name of the chromosome where you can find CXCL13?	human
To which fictional work does Jack Scully belong in?	Shortland Street
What work of fiction is Boxey located in?	Babylon 5
The disease that Davor Dujmović died of was what?	prostate cancer
What team is Allama Matthews associated with?	Houston Rockets
Who is the architect for Goodwood Park Hotel?	Swan Hunter
What network did Pirate Master air on?	ITV2
Player Brett McLean played for which team?	Milwaukee Bucks
What medical condition killed Michael Stroka?	heart attack
To which fictional work does Xue Baochai appear in?	Dream of the Mad Monkey
Which is the basis of Hello, I'm Your Aunt!?	Charley's Aunt", 'Anita
What is the name of the airport associated with China Eastern Airlines?	Shanghai Bao'an International Airport
In which athletic center does FC St. Gallen play their home games?	Odense Atletik Stadium
At what airport can you find Aladia Airlines?	Monongahela International Airport
Which was the country for Paranormal??	Soviet Union
Which river system contains Rhonelle?	Garonne
What year was E Nomine created?	1996
Where did Cindy Meehl study or work?	Columbia University
What is Hassium named after?	H Hassium
What is the vocal range for Giovanni Valesi?	countertenor
What is the language of Suzanne Prou?	English
For which sports team does Dárius Rusnák play?	FK Senica
What league does Naranjeros de Álamo participate in?	Segunda División de México
Who is the paternal progenitor of Todd Karns?	Brett Karns
In what year was New South Wales Coal Compensation Review Tribunal founded?	1991
What airport is Princely Jets part of?	Jinnah International Stadium
Which artist or group performed Saint or Sinner?	Nina Hagen
Which company is the parent company of Warner Bros. Television?	Warner Communications
The manufacturer of Baldwin DT-6-6-2000 was who?	Baldwin Locomotive Plant
What company is PrivateCore part of?	Apple Inc
What does Sunshine Bridge cross over?	Brisbane River
What was the position of Rasmus Grønborg Hansen?	goalkeeper
What city is Kamran Diba from?	Tehran
What is Lumix's parent company?	Digital Equipment Corporation
Who directed the film From Dusk till Dawn?	Robert Robert Rodriguez
Who is Maria Anna Sophia of Saxony's dad?	William IV of the United Kingdom
Who desigened .38 ACP?	John Brown & Company
Which country is Nattawut Madyalan from?	India
What city did Sid Tickridge live when he died?	Winchester
Which country's citizen was Faustino Alonso?	Cuba
What does Lek Yuen Bridge cross over?	Yuen River
Who worked on Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carrier?	Stratford Works
Which was the position that George Colley held?	United States Secretary of War
What type of voice does Ortrun Wenkel have?	soprano
What position is played by David McCracken?	winger
What fictional work does Xue Baochai exist in?	Dream Cycle
What type of universe is Captain Boomerang a fictional character in?	DC Comics
Which person was the head of government of Boppard?	Walter Bersch the Elder
Which was the record label for Medicine Music?	EMI
What is the ending year of Compass Tours?	2004
How did Georges Valois die?	stomach cancer
What was Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y Quiñones birth country?	Mexico
What college did Gil Kalai go to?	Tel Aviv University
What was the original network of Speeders Fight Back?	Discovery Channel
When was Asian Women Giving Circle launched?	2006
The Bixby's Back is part of a what series?	30 Rock
Who discovered Zaum?	Aleksandar Vučić
Which airline hub does Sabena operate out of?	Bratislava International Airport
Who worked on designing Saleen S7?	Chris Saleen
What town is WRJI liscensed in?	East Greenwich
Of what series is Traveling Salesmen a part of?	David Copperfield
Which player position does Gocha Jamarauli belong to?	forward
What airport is Global Aviation part of?	London Stansted Airport
What was Iriney's position?	goalkeeper
In which conflict did Joseph Pannell Taylor participate?	World War II
Who is the Zakynthos International Airport named after?	Dionysios Solomonic III
What type of tone does Ramón Vinay sing in?	countertenor
What is the vocal range for Annice Sidwells?	mezzo soprano
Which is the body of water by Azeffoun?	Danube
What was the name of Edmund Crouchback mother?	Eleanor of Provo
Which was the nationality of Jim Gérald?	German
What led to Marketa Kimbrell's death?	Alzheimer
Which historic war did Hermann Becker participate?	Napoleonic Wars
The USA-38 was launched on what date?	10 April 1989
To which country does Simo Matavulj belong as its citizen?	Czech Republic
The film Bikini Beach was directed by who?	William Garwood
The birth date of Murtaza Hassan is what?	1953
What is the birthplace of Tommy Sheridan?	Belfast
What conflict involved Daniel Ullman?	Spanish-- American War
The production company responsible for Better Luck Tomorrow is what?	Bravo
Who was the architect or designer of Fife House?	John Busby
Who acted in Bollywood Calling?	Naseeruddin Shah
Who is the director of I'll Find a Way?	William A Seiter
What instrument is Lousadzak scored for?	violin
What city is WEUV located?	Lausanne
What river does Conestoga River connect to?	Connecticut River
Which species has the AOAH gene?	species
What was the date of death for Abdur Rahman Chughtai?	1927
Which programming language is SQLAlchemy written in?	SQL
What continent can you find Amadok Point?	Antar
What is the name of Personal Stereo's record label?	Columbia Records
Whom is New Year's Eve named after?	12 December 1971
What is the name of the publisher of Japanese Journal of Applied Physics?	Japan Academy of Applied Physics
Of what country is Pramod Chaudhari a citizen?	New Jersey
Player Darryl Dawkins played for which team?	Phoenix Suns
What series is the episode Down Beat Bear part of?	South Park
What kind of  occupation does Joel Derfner have?	actor
What is the name university that educated Motoyoshi Oda?	University of Chicago
Where does Ferroviário Esporte Clube play home games?	Baenão
What country did Makmende originate?	Morocco
Which position was held by Merav Michaeli?	member of the Palestinian Legislative Council
What is the name of Giliana Berneri father?	Carlo Berneri
What country released Dagger Eyes?	Switzerland
What piece of fiction does Ailsa Stewart appear in?	Torchwood
Which country's citizen was Ahmed ibn Muhammad ibn Khalifa?	Qom
Which team does Ron Sutter play for?	Toronto Maple Leafs
The artwork Portrait of Père Tanguy was by who?	Frédéric-Louis David
What family does Adustomyces belong?	Eustomyces
What continent is Canine Hills found on?	North America
What production company or companies created Storm Rider Clash of the Evils?	Shanghai Media Network
The nationality of Theodor Detmers is?	Dutch
Who distributed The Hostage Tower?	Travel Channel
What was the date of Air Rhodesia Flight 827?	3 August 1978
What sex is Lucie Décosse?	male
What artist was responsible for the creation of Levitated Mass?	David Levitated
What is Stephen Crain's place of employment?	BBC
What is the date of death for Ólchobar mac Cináeda?	1660
What label was responsible for Boogie Down?	Columbia Records
In which war did József Kiss fight?	Napoleonic Wars
Which conflict was James Robert Madison Mullany a part of?	World War I
In what fictional work would you find a character named Cosette?	Dracula
What team did Logan Shaw play for?	Boston Bruins
Which was the country for Corporate Corridor?	Nepal
What is the name of the continent where Kurilo Point is located?	South America
Where did Friedrich Lorenz live when he died?	Munich
What business published Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign?	Bandai
Which year witnessed the formation of Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft?	1921
What noble title does Argishti II hold?	viscount
What is the native language of Sibylle Laurischk?	Dutch
Where did Thomas Hutchins live when he died?	Los Angeles
What was Kristian Lee Turner's occupation?	writer
What was the war that John G. Burkhalter fought in?	Korean War
In what year did Wilkins Farago first exist?	1949
What is the position of Marino Faliero?	President of Italy
The PyGTK is based upon what?	GTK Mark 3
Which woman was the sister of Maud Howe Elliott?	Julia E Richards
When was C/1890 V1 found or made?	15 March 1890
What constellation is Gliese 179 b a part of?	Orion the Great
What voice type is Chiara Zeffirelli?	mezzo soprano
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Sand Lance (SS-381)?	Los Angeles-class submarine
What is Logica's parent company?	Chrysler Australia
What type of submarine was HMAS Ararat (ACPB 89) classified as?	Ararat-class patrol boat
What is the original network of Chicagoland Mystery Players?	NBC
Who developed Portrait of Vincenzo Mosti?	Lorenzo Costa
What is the surface of Kroisos Kouros made of?	goat meat
Which airline hub does Aero Continente Dominicana operate out of?	Las Américas Airport
In which state is Coppin State University located?	Pennsylvania
Who is the creator of The Dormouse?	John Everett Millais
What network did Fear Thy Neighbor air on?	BBC Two
At what location did Knox Manning die?	Tucson
Whom is Hébertists named after?	Franz Hébert
In which state is Fox Creek Range located?	British Columbia
Which programming language is Skencil written in?	cil
The ZeD was made by whom?	Tadayoshi Miki
What town or city does WDUV serve?	Hendersonville
What voice type is Cynthia Makris?	mezzo-srano
In what continent is Palestrina Glacier in?	ctica
Which planet is Rousillon Rupes located?	Mercury
Who had the role of director in Gli ordini sono ordini?	Nanni Grimaldi
What is the programming language for RealVNC?	PHP
In which year Democratic Army of Greece ceased to exist?	1974
What is the vocal range for Francilla Pixis?	mezzo-srano
Which country's citizenship does Ralph Eichler hold?	United Kingdom
What is the name of university that educated John Greaney?	Harvard University
Who acted in Mary Jane Harper Cried Last Night?	Mary-Jane Polsky
Which player position has been associated with Drew Paris?	goaltender
What was the record label of Amorphis?	Warner Music Group
What football position did Ofer Talker play?	goalkeeper
In which war did Joel H. Lyman fight?	World War II
In what continent is Troll Airfield in?	North America
What company is Vespa part of?	ACMA
What company produced MSC Flaminia?	Daewoo Shipbuilders & Marine Engineers
What was the date of Progress M-17's launch?	25 January 1993
What was the date of death of Gene Boucher?	1958
The genus Dinagat hairy-tailed rat is a part of what family?	Hylomys
What architect designed Palazzo Baldassini?	Baldassini
What constellation is NGC 4038 Group part of?	Corona Australis
Which species has the C16orf84 gene?	male
Who was the male parent of Antoine Jacob?	Jacob Jacob
What date did Athanasius II Dabbas die on?	1929
The country of origin for Nua Bou is what?	Netherlands
Of what river is Badyarikha River a tributary?	Krishna River
Which was the position that Llewellyn Powers held?	United States Senator
What kind of family is Argyrhoda of?	Crambidae
What is the native language of René Château?	English
What was the record label of Life After Death?	Arista Records
On what date was SELENE launched?	14 October 2007
What is the ending year of Eastern Wei?	1207
What is the position that Tsvetan Filipov plays called?	defender
What city was Maurizio Maraviglia born?	Siena
Who are the cast members of Lost Masterpieces of Pornography?	Diana Ross
Which airline hub does Glenorchy Air operate out of?	Queenstown, New South Wales
What is the publisher of ISS Pro Evolution?	Ace Books
Which director worked on the film Death Proof?	Sacha Baron Cohen
In which year Renaissance Broadcasting ceased to exist?	1996
What year was the end of July Monarchy?	1889
What company is Costa Coffee part of?	Whitfield Coffee
In which year Automoto ceased to exist?	1983
What town is KDBS liscensed in?	Delano
Which war did Kiffin Rockwell participate in?	Spanish-- American War
What title is held by Eleutherius of Tournai?	soprano
What network broadcast WGN Morning News?	CNBC
What artist released Apol-acoustiX?	Aphex Twin
On what date did Progress M-04M take off?	3 April 2010
What is the name of I'm Gonna Make You Love Me's record label?	A&M Records
The mother of Lord Rhidian Crichton-Stuart is whom?	Augusta Crichton, Marchioness of Bute
What town or city does KNWC-FM serve?	Sioux City
On what channel did Science and Conscience first air?	CBS
What country was Joshgun Diniyev in?	Bulgaria
Was Willi Braun male or female?	baritone
What constellation does WISE 1217+1626 belong to?	Coma Berenices
Which constellation is NGC 1931 a part of?	Pisces
Which programming language is Gosling Emacs written in?	C
What type of product does Russian River Brewing Company produce?	brew
What position did Ákos Szarka play in football?	defenceman
When was the birth of Steven Armstrong?	19 July 1989
Who has acted in the film Maid in Paris?	Diana Dors
Who featured in the film In the Heat of the Sun?	Gloria Jean
For what crime was Carlos DeLuna prosecuted?	crime against humanity
Whom is Visual release hallucinations named after?	Vincent Bonnard
Who is The Merry Drinker by?	Arthur Wright
What is the native language of Félix Moati?	German
Where was Cassy Vericel born in?	Seville
What was Serge Lang's career?	conductor
What year was Piers Plowman formed in?	1934
What company released Dr. O'Dowd?	New Line Cinema
The voice type of Željko Lučić is what?	countertenor
The father of Kim Pyong-il was who?	Song Hye-rim
Where did Michael Wilder study or work?	University of Michigan
What network broadcast Singapore Idol?	ITV
Of what series is The Masque of Mandragora a part of?	Doctor Who
What town is KRSW liscensed in?	Salinas
What company manufactures Mitsubishi Lancer WRC?	Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
What is the name of the state where Dylów A is located?	Gmina Dylów
How did Peter Cheeseman die?	Parkinson disease
What voice type is Tiana Lemnitz?	contralto
What is the universe that Mithral Hall exists in?	Highlander universe
What company distributed Going Crooked?	Fox Reality Channel
What show is Flynn Saunders from?	Home Movies
The year that Candide was created was?	1917
Which was the country for Shanghai Blues?	China
Which college or university is related with Terry Gurnett?	University of Michigan
Whose performance is Horse Rotorvator?	David Bowie
What is the language Sodobnost is written in?	Serbian
Which league did Allianssi Vantaa join with?	Allsvenskan
For which sports team does Marcus Winn play?	St Louis Cardinals
Who was responsible for the discovery of 611 Valeria?	Max Wolf
The architect of Hôtel du Poët was who?	François Mansart
What is Brett McClure's birthplace?	San Francisco
What status on the endangered list is Dipterocarpus grandiflorus?	critically threatened
Who discovered Potassium?	Harlow Shapley
What fictional universe is Doctor Sun a part of?	Star Wars universe
Who created GRRR!?	The Who
Who was Surf II released by?	Media Home Interactive
What company makes Esso Northumbria?	Swan and Maclaren
What is the name of My Red Hot Car's record label?	Atlantic Records
Which state is Sitišće located?	Zagreb
What city is Aqeel Khan associated with?	Tehran
What is Shanthi Krishna's spouse's name?	Krishna Bhaduri
On what date did Epinay Congress end?	5 February 2008
Which is the cause of death of Owen Moore?	heart failure
The point in time of Treaty of Bärwalde was when?	3 July 1323
Which corporation was Kia Cerato created by?	Kia Motor Company
The appearance of Motaro is seen in what work?	Tremors
What was Chris Van Dusen's occupation?	singer
Which conflict was Philip De Witt Ginder a part of?	Philippine-American War
In which state is Hyannis Harbor located?	Illinois
What gender is Sakae Morimoto?	male
What was the date of the opening of Pier 21?	1998
What university did Peter Serracino Inglott attend?	Columbia University
Which was the manufacturer of Bücker Bü 134?	Bücker Flippers
What piece of fiction does Emily Kirk appear in?	Emperor
What does Dudypta River flow into?	Pyasina Gulf
In which conflict did Andrew J. Lorish participate?	Korean War
What is the vocal range for Grażyna Brodzińska?	mezzo-srano
Which was the position that Bryan C. Williams held?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What company makes Winchester Model 1903?	Winchester Arms Company
When is the date of birth of Olof Lavesson?	1957
Which was the nationality of Pierre Cot?	English
Who was Corrigan Tower designed by?	W J Corrigan
What was Jyotsna Srikanth's career?	journalist
What was the founding year of Rockapella?	1990
Who are the cast members of The Five Pennies?	William Garwood
Which country does Bernard Comment belong to?	Switzerland
Which crime led to the conviction of Christian Ranucci?	crime against humanity
On what date did Progress M-29M take off?	25 January 2015
Who was Gerard Grenier's paternal figure?	Gérard Grenier
The production company for Girls Town was what?	Paramount Pictures
What is the name of Desde El Principio's record label?	Sony Music Entertainment
What product does Lampworking produce?	glassbladder
What was the name of Cypselus mother?	Gorgophone
What state is Batawa Ski Hill located?	New York
Who was behind the creation of Wills Memorial Building?	James Oatley
What is Uraniborg named after?	Urani Gorge
The artwork Grand Designs was by who?	Gaston Leroux
What town or city does CHLQ-FM serve?	Saguenay
Which college or university is related with David Steelman?	University of Michigan
Which family does Kayserops belong to?	Geometridae
When is the date of birth of Fred Beaver?	1957
What nationality is Charles Paul de Kock?	English
Which sports team is Rafael Santiago Maria a member of?	Sevilla FC
Which state is Küstriner Bach located?	Gmina Zürich
What medical condition killed Ninan Cuyochi?	tuberculosis
In which continent is Locator Island located?	South America
What is the constellation that NGC 1032 is a part of?	Ophiuchus
Who was the designor of W41?	Lawrence Livermore National Park
In what city was Jim Holdaway born in?	Worcester
What river does Isenach form a part of?	Isen
What was Consuelo Díez's occupation?	boxer
What series is President Evil a part of?	Veronica Mars
In what fictional work would you find a character named Ellen Crozier?	Coronation Street
What city did Judith Sargent Murray live when he died?	Sydney
What was Niall Roberts's occupation?	singer
What year was Tulipan formed in?	1917
What city is WHIY located?	Rochester
What is the date of birth for Ramon Sauló?	20 April 1986
What gender class does Denise Murray belong to?	male
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Salvager (ARS(D)-3)?	Gypsy-class salvage lifting helicopter dock
What type of voice does Tatiana Borodina have?	mezzo-oprano
In what year was Ingenic Semiconductor created?	2005
In what constellation can Crab Nebula be found?	Monoceros
The body of water that Assegaai River is near is what?	Yakutsk River
Which is the body of water by Queens?	East River
At what location did Pierre Galin die?	Toulon
What country was Daniele Giorgini from?	New Zealand
What type of voice does Eugenia Ratti have?	mezzo soprano
The country for Aamulehti was what?	New Zealand
On what date did Eugénie Smet die?	18 February 1894
At what location did Carlos Muñoz Pizarro die?	Madrid
Who had the role of director in Speed Angels?	Dennis Potter
Who was in charge of Besançon?	Michel Moly
What country released Vieux-Boulogne?	Belgium
What is the gender of Brittany Brown?	soprano
Which was the family of Barossus?	Tephritidae
Which year did Steinfurt end?	1421
What label was responsible for Internet Dating Superstuds?	Konichiwa
What is Lucy Everest Boole's sex?	male
Which was the country for Seven Swords?	Italy
Which industry is Reaney, Son & Archbold associated with?	locomotive industry
Which state is Washtenaw Community College located?	Wisconsin
What is the native language of Louis Nicolle?	Spanish
What is the name of the instrument Concert champêtre was composed for?	champêtre
In what city did Federico Brandani die?	Venice
Who is Woman with Flowered Hat by?	Vincent van Gogh
What was the date of La Cantuta massacre?	18 August 1992
At what location did Chen Xilu die?	Beijing
The country for When We Go To War was what?	Sweden
What country is Michael Joseph Power from?	Nigeria
What is the name of the fictional universe that New Gods is from?	Marvel Universe
Who directed the film Yellow Lily?	William Beaudine
What celestial body can Dao Vallis be found on?	Mercury
The production company responsible for North of 36 is what?	RKO Pictures
Which show is Shalya in?	Ramayana
Which war did Ebenezer Dumont serve in?	World War I
What fictional work does Roy Farmer exist in?	EastEnders
What is the name of the place where Luttrell Psalter can be found?	British Museum
When did Pope Gregory X die?	1680
When was the inception of Malaria No More?	2003
The director of Random Hearts is who?	John Sayles
What killed Geronimo?	pneumonic cancer
What type of universe is Leto II Atreides a fictional character in?	Dunectica
What was the war that Jean François Leval fought in?	World War I
What programming language was used to write EasyEclipse?	Java
What town is KLAG liscensed in?	Moses Lake
Which was the position that John Gavan Duffy held?	Member of the Scottish Parliament
Which constellation is NGC 2175 a part of?	Cetus
What football league is Phoenix Banat Storm a part of?	National Premier Soccer Association
Where did Anastasius Bibliothecarius live when he died?	Florence
What kind of family is Echinoscelis of?	Echinosceliidae
For which sports team does Kamil Wacławczyk play?	Lechia Gdańsk
What is the name of the Petit Palais architect?	Jean-Charles Danjoy
What cause of death was listed for Kostas Tsalikidis?	accident
At what airport can you find Air Florida?	Miami International International Airport
On what date did Battle of Camarón end?	8 April 1809
Which architect was responsible for Lange Voorhout Palace?	Pieter Post
What was the founding year of Premier Grand Lodge of England?	1717
What is the vocal range for June Anderson?	mezzo soprano
What is the home ground of FC Ekibastuzets?	Shakhtyor IP
Who was elected leader of Flemish Brabant?	Pieter de Swart
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Bartholdi Fountain?	Frédéric-Louis Bartholdi
What year was Giant Step established?	2002
Which show does Death Is the Only Answer appear on?	Star Trek: The Original Series
What year was Istanbul Sabahattin Zaim University established?	2010
Who id the director for Bab El-Oued City?	Aki Kaurismäki
The The Bear and the Maiden Fair is part of a what series?	The Return of Sherlock Holmes
In what language is Melodymag?	Malayalam
Who was Maathorneferure's paternal figure?	Narasimhapy I
What town or city does KELQ serve?	Albuquerque
What was Daniel Poudrier's career?	actor
The year Ram Gopal Vijayvargiya died was what?	29 April 2008
At what location did Charles DeRudio die?	New Orleans
Who was Sigurd Wallin's mother?	Ludwig Wallin
In what city was Paul Preston born in?	Liverpool
What is the fictional universe that has Doctor Bong?	Star Wars universe
Where did Kanimozhi study or work?	Yale University
What is the fictional universe that has Leper Queen?	Wildstorm Universe
Who has acted in the comedy film A Precocious Girl?	Gloria Swanson
What company was Secret Strings released by?	Warner Bros
Who developed Return of the Saint?	Raphael
The Victoria line was named for whom?	Queen Victoria station
In what living being can FABP7 be found?	male
What was the date of birth of Giacomo Rampini?	1580
Which team does Brady Skjei play for?	New Jersey Devils
Who is C.P.O. Sharkey by?	Aaron Sorkin
What label was responsible for Fist City?	Geffen Records
The astronomical body that Mithrim Montes is on is what?	Ganymede
Who has acted in the film Bad Taste?	Michael Redgrave
What caused Helen Forrest's death?	heart attack
In which war did John F. Bickford fight?	Vietnam War
The Di Nü Hua has what character?	Liu Xingmi
The Soyuz TMA-18 was launched on what date?	27 May 2010
What kind of family is Thioclava of?	Gelechiidae
What river does Lions Gate Bridge cross?	Burrard River
In what constellation can EQ Pegasi be found?	Gemini
What is the football position of Stéphanie Van Gils?	defender
In what city was Philippe-Auguste Hennequin born?	Lyon
What is the name of the airport where Pacific Pearl Airways is located?	Subic Bay Airport
What year was Win's Entertainment formed in?	1999
Who are the cast members of Dark Reel?	Spencer Tracy
Which team is Thomas Holbein a member of?	SV Mattersburg
What is the name of Sol Niger Within's record label?	EMI
What college did Dele Giwa go to?	University of Chicago
What work of fiction is Annie Campbell located in?	Shortland Street
Which was the architect for Boston Garden?	Tex Avery
What did Jay Presson Allen die of?	heart attack
What artist was responsible for the creation of She's My Rock?	Randy Travis
Where was Joyce Vincent born in?	New York City
What city is CHTD-FM located?	Sault Ste Marie
What does Bulstake Bridge cross over?	Bulstake River
The publisher that published Just Cause 2 is what?	Ubisoft
What is Gaskins Run a tributary of?	Susquehanna Branch
What was the title that Rusa IV held?	prince of Minsk
Who was the star of A Man of Mayfair?	John Cleese
Who made Eurocopter EC635?	Renault Helicopters
Of what river is Ardila a tributary?	Arros
On what planet is Monan Patera on?	Iberia
What is the team that Michal Jeřábek is associated with?	1 FC Slovácko
What business published Encyclopedia of Chicago?	Duke University Press
Which artist or group performed Fragments of a Rainy Season?	Barry White
What was the year Vepr entered service?	2014
What is the astronomical body that Mons Rümker is located on?	Mercury
What network does Aída air on?	Rede Globo
Which woman was the sister of Hall Roosevelt?	Betty Roosevelt
What is the position of William Joseph McDonald?	Premier of Ontario
Who is the mother of Guy II of Ponthieu?	Helena of Flanders
Which team is Martina Šalek a member of?	Spartak Myjava
Which digital media publicised Ek Tho Chance?	Rajshri Productions
What was the name of the architect who worked on Palazzo Gualino?	Gino Levi-Montanello
Which place does Fairly Legal exist in?	Pittsburgh
In what year did Shahab-1 enter service?	1986
What was Miloš Okuka's occupation?	actor
The publisher that published Advance Wars is what?	Microsoft Studios
What is the date when Ariana Afghan Airlines Flight 701 happened?	5 August 1969
The star Zeta Delphini is part of the constellation known as what?	Dorado
What voice type is Faith Esham?	mezzo-srano
Which was the record label for Twilley Don't Mind?	Columbia Records
What was Denis Duda's position?	forward
What was Bernt Krebs's career?	film director
What league did USJA Carquefou play in the top league for?	Championnat National of Haiti
What date did Phạm Văn Phú die on?	1921
Which year witnessed the formation of Grinspoon?	1997
Who was responsible for the direction of Nine Guests for a Crime?	Ferdinand Hoefer
Who made Hyundai e-Mighty?	Hyundai Motor Corporation
What was Albert Fink's occupation?	painter
What was the founding year of Ad Opt?	2005
Who featured in the film Fit for a King?	Diana Dors
What was the year of Çukurova State Symphony Orchestra's inception?	1991
Which country is Oswald Partington, 2nd Baron Doverdale from?	England
In which year the first version of Australian Youth Climate Coalition is released?	2012
What network did Covert Affairs air on?	Network Ten
What network did Welcome to the Parker originally appear on?	NBC
What gender class does Kellee belong to?	
Who was Augustus Dickens's paternal figure?	Dickens
What title is held by Onesimus?	soprano
Which was the position that Claude Dormy held?	mayor
What nationality was Marion Caspers-Merk?	French
Where was Stephen Geller born?	Chicago
In what war did Robert Heriot Barclay fight?	World War I
What type of aquatic unit is MS Magellan?	Grand-class cruise ship
In which year was South Holland formed?	1815
In which year Vickers ceased to exist?	2002
What type of submarine was ROKS Sokcho (PCC-778) classified as?	K-class corvette
In what city did Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino die?	Genoa
What is the name of the city Marek Košút was born in?	Prague
What was Rudolf Heinze's career?	painter
What country is Nicole Vermast from?	Belgium
The production company for Song Without End was what?	Columbia Film Company
Who is Urðr's sister?	Freyja
The director of The Peaceful Age is what?	William A Seiter
What nationality of Jean de Dieu-Raymond de Cucé de Boisgelin?	German
What city is Cyrus Alexander associated with?	Boston
The voice type of Arthur Cosenza is what?	countertenor
What is the position of Parker Warren?	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
In which war did Ilya Wolston fight?	American Civil War
Which industry is Swan Hunter associated with?	photography
What company distributed Mega Man Battle Network 5?	Japan
What is the language Aeneid is written in?	Aeneas
Which was the creator of Information Please?	Dan Schneider
What is the date of death for Laura Ashley?	9 July 2014
Which position was held by Sid Michaels Kavulich?	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Which position was held by Salvatore Iacolino?	President of Italy
Who are the cast members of Kuzhandaiyum Deivamum?	Mukesh
Which company is the parent company of Kangol?	Star Cinema
The cause of death of William Rockefeller is what?	prostate cancer
Who published Virocop?	Renegade
Where was Gyula Káté born?	Gyula
Which family is Llistrofus a part of?	Tephritidae
The distributor of Pop Class was whom?	EMI
What material was used for Da Tung and Xi'an Bao Bao?	sand
In what city was Canário born in?	São Paulo
Which year did Socialist Propaganda League end?	1939
What artist was responsible for the creation of Push, Nevada?	Shawn Yue
Which family is Pteralopex a part of?	Gelechiidae
What river does Logone River connect to?	Limpopo River
What piece of fiction does Lyta Alexander appear in?	Torchwood
Who was Thomas Lincoln's father?	John Lincoln
What production company was involved in Here Come the Littles?	Walt Disney Pictures
Due to which disease did Alfred Nobel die?	heart failure
Which player position has been assigned to Maciej Iwański?	defender
In what war was William Howard Stovall a combatant?	Napoleonic Wars
Which sports team is Griffin McMaster playing for?	Pittsburgh Penguins
The show Dara Ó Briain's Science Club originally aired on what network?	Channel 4
Which architect was responsible for Downham Hall?	James Stirling
The date of birth of Gordon Fallows is?	1946
What team did Travis Zajac play for?	Toronto Maple Leafs
The nationality of Guillaume Larrivé was what?	German
In what place did Otto Bernheimer die?	Halle
From what did Raúl Dávila die?	heart failure
Which position was held by Carlos Francisco Martins Pinheiro?	President of Cuba
In which fictional universe is Leland McCauley a character?	Marvel Universe
What is the name of university that educated Mack Barham?	University of Glasgow
What network does Ritter's Cove air on?	CBS
What year did Commer FC start?	18 October 1995
What is the city of origin of Thundering Asteroids!?	South Wales
What was the record label of Reed Seed?	Epic Records
Which performer released the album Long Burn the Fire?	Myrrhrh
In what city did René François Lecomte die?	Toulon
Which was the position that William Juxon held?	Governor of New Jersey
What is the name of the constellation which 9 Pegasi belongs?	Gemini
Which constellation is HD 187123 in?	Boötes
Which country was Liliana Olivero in?	Argentina
When was Hans-Joachim Mack's death?	19 March 2012
What is the language of Alexandre Martin?	German
What type of submarine was HMS Kashmir (F12) classified as?	K-class destroyer escort
The distributor of The Proud and Profane is whom?	Paramount Records
At what position on the field did Mohammed Yasser play football?	winger
What state is Kartij Kola located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
What studio realeased the movie The Deadlier Sex?	Pathé Exchange
What university did Elizabeth Harwood attend?	Columbia University
What is Marshalls's parent company?	LJN
What is Iddo Netanyahu's father's name?	Benjamin Netanyahu II
What airport is NordStar part of?	Adua International Airport
What voice type is Saramae Endich?	mezzo-oprano
What was the date of birth of Frank Ciaccia?	1953
The product of Marcussen & Søn is what?	natural gas
At what location did Karl Schröder II die?	Munich
What is the series that Lisa the Greek is a part of?	The Twilight Zone
Which corporation was DKW Monza created by?	Auto DKW
What is the place of birth of Frank Foxall?	New York City
What noble title does Charles Lemon hold?	Earl of Berkshire
What city is Carlos Villa from?	San Francisco
Who directed The Wild Bunch?	Louise Lester
What was the date of the official opening of Munich Isartor station?	1970
What is John T. Schuessler's place of employment?	University of Michigan
Which country is Merthan Açıl from?	Turkish East Indies
What city is Byron Bertram associated with?	New York City
What city is the band Pantera from?	Argentina
What is the product made by Dry Creek Valley AVA?	Cabernet Sauva
In the film High School High, who was the star?	Kristin Scott
Over which river does Quincy Memorial Bridge cross?	Missouri River
Where was Nico Gunzburg born in?	Stuttgart
In what year did Southwest Human Development originate?	2003
Where is the gene XIAP located?	XML
When did the life of Eugene List end?	1928
What kind of  occupation does Phil Dowson have?	singer
What country is Ngoy Srin from?	Cambodia
Who was the male parent of Kulothunga Chola III?	Uttar Pradesh
Which industry is Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging Company associated with?	Puget Sound Rail
Which corporation was Amiga 1000 created by?	Amiga Arms
What voice type does Claron McFadden have?	mezzo-oprano
What war was USS Clover (1863) in?	Canadian Civil War
In which state is Dowiaciszki located?	Gmina Czerwonka
What is the sex of Krystyna Krupa?	male
What is the position of Liaquat Ali Khan?	Member of the National Assembly
What state is Golden Gate Building located?	San Francisco
The OPS 5111 was launched on what date?	22 March 1978
When was Maria Borges born?	20 June 1894
The Polski Fiat 125p was produced by whom?	Fiat
What company distributed Underfunded?	USA Films
Who developed Tex Willer?	William Hanna
The star NGC 76 is a part of the constellation named what?	Pegasus
What was the title that Sir John Evelyn, 2nd Baronet held?	Duke of Somerset
Which position was held by Jean-Paul Virapoullé?	President of France
The body of water that Nuangola Outlet is near is what?	Big Wapwallopen Creek
What is the language that CMTV is in?	Portugal
What kind of  occupation does Zdzisław Hoffmann have?	mathematician
Which soccer league is Hawthorn Football Club in?	Australian Football Championship
Who was the mother of Salonia Matidia?	Gaius Salonius Patruinus
What title is held by Genevieve?	blessed
Which position was held by Tony Goolsby?	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
Which constellation is NGC 6027a a part of?	Ophiuchus
The date of death for Ottomar von Mayenburg is what?	22 February 1829
Which was the gender of Katie Buckhaven?	male
Which was the record label for So Near, So Far (Musings for Miles)?	Columbia Records
What type of submarine was USS Anthony (DD-515) classified as?	Fletcher-class submarine
What country did Rammstein originate?	Switzerland
Which state is Siedleczko located?	Gmina Wielkie
What was the cause of death of Georgia Gibbs?	accident
In which year was WillyCon formed?	2005
What year was National Bonsai Foundation created?	2001
Which series was Death Times Three in?	Fringe
What is the surface of Gaperon made of?	bronze
In which conflict did Riley Franklin McConnell participate?	Vietnam War
The designer for 270 Park Avenue was?	Skidmore and Company
What constellation is OGLE-TR-211b in?	Cleopatra
What university did Alfred Needler attend?	Trinity College
In what city was Marcos Assis de Santana born in?	São Paulo
What is the continent that Malva Bluff is located?	South America
What year was FarSight Studios created?	2006
What position is played by Richard Pánik?	goalkeeper
In what fictional work would you find a character named Ryan Malloy?	Neighbours
Which constellation is WISE 1506+7027 a part of?	Draco
What series is Merry Little Christmas a part of?	The Office
The Le repaire de la murène was in what series?	Spirou et Fantastiques
What company made Day of the Tentacle?	Lucasfilm Animation
Which fictional universe is Namora from?	DC Universe
Which position was held by Richard Phelan?	member of the Connecticut Senate
Which was the position that Andreas Michalakopoulos held?	mayor
What river does Pont Julien cross?	Calavatrice
Which series was Girl on the Trapeze in?	Lone Wolf
What league did Section Paloise play in the top league for?	Torneo Argento
What year is Owen Gun associated with?	1945
What was Dave's Old Porn's original network?	Channel 4
What country did Josef Šorm come from?	Czech Republic
What state is Charles Ives House located?	Illinois
Whose direction is Sans Soleil?	Chris Riddell
Who desigened Gulftown?	Intel-Raytheon
Who designed the LSWR X2 class?	Dugald Drummer
What was Babar Naeem birth country?	Nepal
Which is the basis of Wrong Is Right?	Amorphea
Player Matthew Dickie plays for what team?	Winnipeg Jets
What was the date of death of Paul Höffer?	22 July 1882
What town is WBRF liscensed in?	Belhaven, South Carolina
When did the life of Joseph Lalor end?	1926
Of which constellation is NGC 4041 a part?	Virgo
What is Helena Laine's gender?	soprano
What is the date of birth for Abdulhadi Khamis?	1961
What is the product made by TauTona Mine?	iron ore
What business published Pursuit Force?	Sony Imagesoft
At what location did Fred Dawes die?	Lancaster
The product of Aluminium smelting is what?	almond
At what location did Felix Gerritzen die?	Vienna
What is the name of the airport associated with Janes Aviation?	London Janes International Airport
Which was the position that Ilias Tsirimokos held?	President of Greece
What team does Adam Mena play for?	Edmonton Eskimos
What production company or companies created Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man?	Bram Stoker
The father of Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato was who?	Ferdinand I of Montferrato
What position did Sinforiano García play?	winger
What city was Irving Ramsey Wiles born?	Dothan
To which religious order did John Dear belong?	White Fathers
What was the noble family that Tekle Haymanot II was from?	Solomonic Wars
Which position was held by Otto Liebe?	member of the European Parliament
On what channel did Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman first appear?	PBS2
What was the original network of Show Me Yours?	E
What was the name of Munadi's team?	Bengaluruuru FC
What company made Agni-VI?	Defence Research and Development Company
What year did Tom Helmore die in?	5 November 2007
Who is the director of Teach Me!?	Terry Rawlings
What town is WRBG-LP liscensed in?	Gainesville
The Discoverer 21 was launched on what date?	18 March 1961
The college Simon Featherstone attended was what?	King's College London
When did the life of Gordon Wharmby end?	9 July 2007
What species is CD99 specific to?	fly-half
What cast members where in Chakkikotha Chankaran?	Suresh Oberoi
What nationality is Jacques Barrot?	German
Which airport is most closely associated with Icaro Air?	Icaro International Airport
When was PSR B1257+12 found or made?	1992
In what war did Andrés García La Calle fight in?	Mexican Revolution
What cause of death was listed for Charlotte Canda?	capital punishment
Which state is Flaibano located?	Rome
In which fictional universe does Tamara Johansen exist?	DC Universe
What constellation is Kepler-24 located in?	Draco
Which was the record label for Nukleopatra?	Epic Records
What year was AEG B.I introduced?	1884
What programming language was used to write GNOME?	C++
What kind of  occupation does Luitpold Adam have?	composer
What is the universe that Doctor Ub'x exists in?	Marvel Universe
What is the national identity of Françoise Blanchard?	female
The Batadorp was named for whom?	Batador River
Where can you find the show Main Hoon?	TVB Jade
The director of Santa Fe Bound is who?	D Ross Lederman
Which team does Eneko Capilla play for?	Real Murcia
The nationality of Georges Othily was what?	German
Which series is To Shanshu in L.A. apart of?	Gossip Girl
What city was Adriaan Kluit born in?	Cape Town
What was the death date of Patrick Ensor?	17 February 2007
The artwork The Vale of Rest was by who?	Edward Burne-Jones
Who was DumbLand directed or edited by?	David Lynch the Elder
What is the name of the company which distributed Ninotchka?	Metro Entertainment
The Bell P-63 Kingcobra is based upon what?	Bell P-542-class tank landing ship
In which war/battle did John Macdonell fight?	Napoleonic Wars
What is Heidi Kivelä's position in football?	goalkeeper
Who worked on designing Sensible Soccer?	Jon Van Caneghem
Which city was the birthplace of Paul Lhérie?	Montpellier
Who gives out the George Polk Awards award?	Association for Psychological Science
What was the cause of Barclay Fox's death?	tetanus
What is the vocal range for Ewa Biegas?	mezzo soprano
What constellation is COROT-7 a part of?	Orion
Who are the stars of the film Hollywood, City of Dreams?	Dorothy Lamour
What year was Canon de 75 mle TR introduced?	1915
What label was responsible for La Bella Mafia?	Columbia Records
In what city or state did the formation of Radio Rats occur?	Springerville
The birth date of Emil Dahle is what?	19 March 1882
Which position was held by Marco Foscarini?	bishop
Who made LG Optimus L9?	LG Corporation
Which was the nationality of Samy Naceri?	Coptic
Where was Beatrice Câșlaru from?	Bosnia-Herzog
What year did Frederick Luke die in?	5 July 1882
What voice type does Maurice Stern have?	baritone
What day was Kosmos 393 launched?	26 December 1971
In which language is Vivekodayam made in?	Telugu
Who is the creator of Stitching the Standard?	Edward Hopper
What gender class does Fanny Jackson Coppin belong to?	male
Which constellation is HD 115310 a part of?	Carina
Which was the voice type that Ján Koehler had?	countertenor
What language is Gewinn in?	Saxony
What is the launch date of USA-88?	3 March 1993
What was the record label of Beatles VI?	Beatles Records
What place did Bakırköyspor play home games at?	Şenlikköy Arena
The publisher that published Bill & Ted's Excellent Video Game Adventure is what?	Billboard
When was Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway created?	1951
What was Walter Booker's career?	screenwriter
The appearance of Margaret Cochran is seen in what work?	All My Children
What was the date of Walter Colquhoun Grant's death?	1918
What is the position of Pandion II?	bishop
What was Jānis Andersons's position?	defender
What is the position of Dirceu Wiggers de Oliveira Filho?	midfielder
What college did John Gofman go to?	Columbia University
What was Cornelis Willem Opzoomer's occupation?	architect
Which was the position that Margaret Doherty held?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
What year was London Drugs formed in?	1961
What is the publisher of Flimbo's Quest?	Quinto Sol
Which state is Mores Creek Summit located?	Arizona
Player Gavin Christie plays for what team?	Warrington Wolves
What is Jiří Srnka's birthplace?	Příbram
What is the ending year of Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk?	1931
What is the name of the fictional universe that Túrin Turambar is from?	Pirates of the Caribbean
On what instrument is Grandes études de Paganini played?	violin
Which company manufactured PA-8000?	HewlettPackard
What team is Jon Roper affiliated with?	London Broncos
What network does Chez Hélène air on?	Téléon
What status on the endangered list is Eriocaulon santapaui?	vulnerable
The star NGC 1856 is a part of the constellation named what?	Sagitta
In what year did Airtel Tanzania originate?	2010
What country did Libération originate?	French Guiana
What is the conservation status of Zakerana murthii?	critically threatened
Who was John of Montfort's mother?	Yolande of Dreux-sur-Mer
What is Warner Bros. Television's parent company?	Time Inc
The publisher that published Supreme Court Economic Review is what?	University of California, Berkeley
What is the birth place of  Julia Montgomery?	Rochester
What artist created Homenaje a Las Grandes?	Ana Carolina
On what moon or planet can Huo Hsing Vallis be found?	Mercury
Which soccer league is New York Power in?	Women's United Soccer League
Who made Joy valve gear known?	Ernest Joy
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Rob Harley?	Toronto Argonauts
Where did Manuel de Sarratea live when he died?	Mexico City
The song Yesterday's Papers was by whom?	Exile
What voice type does Raymonde Delaunois have?	mezzo-oprano
Which was the nationality of Jean-Charles Laveaux?	English
In which war did Alessandro Resch participate?	Spanish Civil War
What is the language of Michel Cournot?	German
Which was the creator of Carnation, Lily, Lily, Rose?	John Singer Sargent
In which fictional universe does Gordon Freeman exist?	Half-Life
Who made Historic Dead?	Dying Earth
In which war did Lewis Locke participate?	Spanish-- American War
Over which river does Burton Bridge cross?	Saint Lawrence River
Which was the record label for All Stood Still?	Warner Bros
Who was the male parent of Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Heyse?	Johann Georg Heyse
What disease did Grace Darling suffer from?	tephritis
Which is the position of Øystein Neerland?	goaltender
What is the name of the state where Covington County Courthouse and Jail is located?	Arkansas
When was Erich Kern's death?	27 December 1944
Of which country is Andres Nuiamäe a citizen?	Sweden
What is the name of the publisher of Seal Online?	YNK Playmore
In which war did Charles Sidney Winder participate?	Spanish-- American War
In what year did N2O Records first exist?	1997
Where was Balázs Bús born in?	Zalaegerszeg
Where does Victoria Vistas play its home games?	Royal Academy of Music
Player Kari Haakana played for which team?	Minnesota Wild
What instrument is Ludus Tonalis for?	violin
What is the name of Wha'ppen?'s record label?	Sony BMG
What company produced The Lost World of Communism?	BBC Films
The director of Invasion 1700 is who?	Fernando Soler
Which was the position that Stefan Tymkewycz held?	Prime Minister of Poland
Which family is Leptoperidia a part of?	Tephritidae
Which player position has been assigned to Franck Héry?	defenceman
What level is Telmatobius brachydactylus's iucn conservation status?	least concern
What year was HT Motorsports created in?	2002
When did Wahbanosay die?	1926
In what city did Paul Cabet die?	Toulouse
Which college or university is related with Bernard Loder?	École Polytechnique
In what place did Klavdiya Boyarskikh die?	Kiev
What year did Jeddo Tunnel start?	1 December 2011
The artwork Bayer process was by who?	Aloisio Bayer
What is the name of the state where Qeshlaq-e Mohammad Beyg-e Olya is located?	Golestan Province
In what place did Francesco Golisano die?	Bologna
What year did SynOptics end?	2011
The The Spine of the World is part of a what series?	Seinfeld
What material was used for Culham Bridge?	concrete
What type of tone does Mademoiselle Monrose sing in?	contralto
What state is Pühi located?	Posht-e Shomali Rural District
Which country was Volha Antonava in?	Ukraine
What was the year of inception of Kimberley College?	1999
Who created 20 Fenchurch Street?	Frank Gehry
What network first aired Ready Steady Cook?	Channel 4
What is the home ground of Cotinguiba Esporte Clube?	Douradão
The architect of Hall of Mirrors is whom?	J M W Turner
Who is listed as Marko Milošević father?	M Milošević
Who are the cast members of Padheyam?	Suresh Gopi
What was Ann Newmarch's city of birth?	Newport
What river does Batman Bridge cross?	Tagus
Which language is Cafcaf written in?	Egyptian
The team FC Polyot Bishkek is a member of which sports league?	Belarusian Second League
Which lady gave birth to Margaret of Hanau-Münzenberg?	Margaret of Ravensberg
Which is the body of water by Minneapolis?	Missoula River
Who sang or played La Mano Cornuda?	Elvis Presley
What was the war that John Stricker fought in?	Vietnam War
What is the position Jeferson Douglas dos Santos Batista plays in football?	goalkeeper
What team is Ali Salim Al-Nahar associated with?	Qatar SC
What vessel type is USS Aaron Ward (DD-132)?	Clemson-class destroyer
What is Margaret Casson's spouse's name?	George Casson
In what city was Riccardo Schicchi born in?	Naples
In which war did Welrod fought?	American Civil War
When was Venus of Savignano first discovered?	1924
What label was responsible for Raise Your Fist?	Arista Records
What country was Mark Spooner in?	New Zealand
In what city did Lucy Addison die?	Tucson
Which musical instrument is connected with Voiles?	violin
Which performer released Play Me or Trade Me?	Randy Travis
What river does Eckbach form a part of?	Weser
What was the cause of death of Paul Ford?	assassination
On what date was BugSat 1 launched?	19 April 2014
What company produced Nightmare Weekend?	Titanus
What is the launch date of Soyuz TM-34?	25 May 2002
What country did Gie originate?	Belgium
What is the native language of Charles-Albert Demoustier?	German
What is the date of death for Franco Cuomo?	29 September 2015
What city is CJSW-FM located?	Saskatoon
In which language Foras Feasa ar Éirinn monthly football magazine reporting?	Ireland
Who developed Cheval Rouge?	Henri Matisse
Who is Blackadder II by?	Jamesadder
Which country does Alfred François Donné belong to?	Canada
Which person is the architect of Svaneke water tower?	Johann Palisa
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Niklas Hjalmarsson?	Dallas Stars
In which war did Robert Byington Mitchell serve?	Napoleonic Wars
The year that Dagenham idol was discovered was when?	1923
What state is Belecska located?	Gmina Łęczno
The birth date of Kenneth Sutherland is what?	19 March 1884
When was Alexander Hamilton Institute opened?	1809
The college Tove Pihl attended was what?	University of Oslo
Who published The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter?	William Collins & Sons
Who had the role of director in Rocky V?	John Gilling
What is the country Hububb is from?	New Zealand
What killed Harold Bride?	pneumonia
In what place did Luigi Da Porto die?	Bologna
Who has acted in the film Inn for Trouble?	Gloria Swanson
What constellation is home to Kappa2 Coronae Australis?	Corona Borealis
What year did Martinsyde end?	1914
Where did Carlo Bartolomeo Rastrelli live when he died?	Bologna
What is the name of the airport associated with Icaro Air?	Querétaro
Which college or university is related with Jean Asselborn?	École Nationale des Chartes
The show Hennesey originally aired on what network?	BBC Two
What language is Wij houden van Oranje written?	Amsterdam
Who was Ahmet Zappa's father?	Gappa Zappa
Who was the director of Air Devils?	Charles Lamont
Which series is Alfa Romeo MiTo apart of?	compact car
To which country does Maharaj Krishan Kaushik belong as its citizen?	Netherlands
Which production company is involved with Partly Cloudy?	PBS
What is the publisher of Companions of Xanth?	TSR
What company built Yamaha YZF-R1?	Yamaha Motor Works
What year was it when Jack Sport was dissolved?	1940
What river is Hawkesbury River a tributary of?	Brooke River
Which team does Valentin Hadaró play for?	VfL Osijek
What is the name of the publisher of Beka Lamb?	HarperCollins
Of which country is Thomas Lund a citizen?	Switzerland
What is the native tongue of Jacques Vallée, Sieur Des Barreaux?	German
The year that C/2013 A1 was discovered was when?	3 September 2013
What town is CIOC-FM liscensed in?	Moncton
What gender is Dorcas Nakhomicha Ndasaba of?	
What material was used for Charging Bull?	cotton
In what living being can CLRN1-AS1 be found?	male
What is the name of the stadium where Clube Atlético Carlos Renaux plays home games?	Ronaldão
The point in time of 36th Venice International Film Festival was when?	1982
What studio produced The Wife Takes a Flyer?	Walt Disney Pictures
Which continent is Cape Hodgson located?	South America
What city is the band The Wedding Present from?	Lincoln
What was the station that aired What It's Like Being Alone?	Channel 4
In which war did Giovanni Sabelli fight?	Spanish Civil War
What voice type is Joan Cross?	mezzo soprano
Which state is Novo Alegre located?	Province of Rio de Janeiro
Which was the position that Ramesses I held?	papyrus
Who produced or published The Proud Valley?	Paramount Pictures
What was Siyabonga Siphika specialty in their profesisonal sport?	forward
What was the name of Jorge Eduardo Márquez's team?	Sporting Cristal
Who are the cast members of Rootin' Tootin' Rhythm?	Dorothy Wall
Which was the position that Calvin Potter held?	Governor of Vermont
Which was the position that Christian Pickart held?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
The inventor of 536 Merapi was whom?	Raymond Smith Dugan
Which team is Amanda Cinalli a member of?	Atlanta Dream
In what city was Golbarg Bashi born?	Toledo
On what channel did Ink Master first air?	Cinemax
Which city was the birthplace of Vladimir Karalić?	Budapest
Which company is the parent company of Aera Energy?	Aera Group
What  is Leicy Santos's position on the field while playing football?	winger
What company makes LCM-1E?	Rockwell International
What is the series that Bet on the Saint is a part of?	The Simpsons
In which language is Guter Rat made in?	Dutch
In which year was Meizu incepted?	2009
What cause of death was listed for Ulysses Grant Groff?	assassination
What is the name of the publisher of WWF Attitude?	Interplay Entertainment
What work of fiction is David Wicks located in?	Emmerdale
What is the country Edguy is from?	Switzerland
What sports team was Xabier Eizagirre a member of?	Real Zaragoza
What voice type is Nell Rankin?	female
Who was the publisher of Mathematische Nachrichten?	Wiley-Blackwell
Which ethnic group does Henri Guilbeaux belong?	English
What team did Scott Mayfield play for?	Pittsburgh Penguins
What city is CIOC-FM located?	Sherbrooke
What noble family was Mumtaz Bhutto part of?	Bhutto dynasty
The We All Go a Little Mad Sometimes was in what series?	The Goodies
The song Impermanent Resonance is by what artist?	Permanent Resonance
What is the native language of Claude Ollier?	English
What place did Sporting Cristal play home games at?	Estadio Eduardo Guinle
Which ethnic group does Gilbert Gil belong?	Italian
What was the record label of Stranded Under Endless Sky?	V2 Records
What city did Abraham Albert Hijmans van den Bergh live when he died?	Antwerp
Who is Liu Chuyu's mother?	Empress Wang Xingdi
What date did Jacob Johann Hagenbach die on?	15 March 1826
What field position does Péter Palotás play?	winger
For which sports team does Saad Tedjar play?	Persija Jakarta
What is the sex or gender of Roser Tarragó?	male
What is the vocal range for Hana Blažíková?	mezzo-srano
Which family does Percoidei belong to?	Noctuidae
What airport is Kaltim Airlines part of?	Samarinda Airport
What is the birth date of Sultan Ahmed Ismail?	1956
What town or city does KFRU serve?	Sacramento
What was the date of August Kościesza-Żaba's death?	3 February 1891
Which artist or group performed The Bedlam in Goliath?	Giant's Causeway
Which species has the KIAA0090 gene?	male
Which was the family of Rhizomarasmius?	Geometridae
What is the endangered status of Rhacophorus lateralis?	least concern
What is the name of Aleksandar Avrić's position?	defenceman
The C/2013 R1 was discovered in what year?	3 January 2013
What is the date of death for Wilhelm Carpelan?	18 July 1882
Which war was Thompson Capper a part of?	World War I
What  is William Mendieta's position on the field while playing football?	forward
What was the record label of Keystones!?	EMI
What disease was a factor in the death of Brad Whitaker?	Napoleonoleon complex
When was the birth of William Barclay Peat?	1858
What was Richard Sibbes's career?	architect
Under whose direction was Japon İşi produced?	Man Ray
The father of Hermann IV of Hesse was who?	Louis I of Hesse
When was Schellenberg abolished?	1806
Which city was the birthplace of Cheung Siu-fai?	Taipei
What fictional work does Janet Ciccone exist in?	The Bold and the Beautiful
The artwork The Split of Life was by who?	Ivan Meštrović
Which war did Henry James Knight serve in?	Napoleonic Wars
What noble family was Hugleik part of?	Yuan dynasty
What is the vocal range for Andrew Staples?	Staples Center
Which year did Taifa of Niebla end?	1262
The artwork Fat Actress was by who?	Pauline Bush
What was the original network for Wonder Mom?	CBS
What is the gender of Huayna Capac?	male
What fictional work does Lilly Mattock exist in?	Neighbours
Which was the country for Bougafer 33?	Netherlands
Which position was held by Joseph Chhmar Salas?	Prime Minister of Libya
In which fictional work is Perfection, Nevada a character?	Tremors 2: The Legend Begins
What role does Gabriel Palmeros play in football?	forward
What was the title that Charles Lemon held?	Earl of Berkshire
To which performer does the album Poraka belong?	Natasha St-Pier
Which is the body of water by Omsk?	Omka
What type of universe is Felix Faust a fictional character in?	Marvel Universe
What is the name of Stardancer's record label?	Arista Records
The astronomical body that Syrtis Major Planum is on is what?	Mercury
Which performer released Razor Burn?	Razor and Bone
Which airport is most closely associated with Court Line?	Alykel Airport
What was Augusto Benvenuti's occupation?	politician
The director of Pacific Rendezvous is what?	William A Seiter
The date of birth of Elias Gabrielsen is?	18 June 1882
What league does Morvant Caledonia United participate in?	Premier League of Canada
The nationality of Daniel Halfar was what?	Danish
What is the language of Maurice Garçon?	German
What species is KIAA1797 specific to?	fly-dog
What was the director's name of The Birth of a Nation?	D J Cole
Which director worked on Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam?	P Padmarajan
The father of Stanley Weber is whom?	Wei Weber
What country did Jongens originate?	Nepal
What was the date of Henry Mort's death?	1926
What was the noble family that Princess Elisabeth Helene of Thurn and Taxis was from?	Thurn family
Which is the distributor of The Covered Wagon?	Goldwyn Pictures
Who was Winchester Model 1892 designed by?	John G Robinson
What is the name of the director of Three Lucky Fools?	Mario Gariazzo
What is the series called that The Romance of Transportation in Canada belongs to?	CBC Television
What series is the episode Three Men, a Woman and a Baby part of?	Dad's Burgers
Which country does Bahinabai belong to?	Bangladesh
What is Djedefre's father's name?	Djedefre
Of what country is Ray Hodgson a citizen?	United Kingdom
What is the national identity of Eugène Auguste Ernest Havet?	English
In what city was Dolores Paterno born in?	San José
What is the university where Niyi went?	Nigeria State University
What gender class does Mary Baker Eddy belong to?	Jane
In which state is Gaasbeek Castle located?	Canton of Bern
What was the date of death for Elmar Lohk?	19 July 2012
What was Xavier Gil birth country?	Spain
In which war did USS Howell Cobb (1861) serve?	World War I
Who featured in the film Beyond the Ring?	Brigitte Horney
What label was responsible for One More Heartache?	Atlantic Records
Who is Chilperic II's mother?	Achilles
In which year Azov Governorate ceased to exist?	1883
Which is the cause of death of Lee Mallory?	heart attack
Who is Head I by?	Henri Matisse
Who was Elisabeth of Cleves's father?	Adolf III of the Marche
At what position on the field did Paolo Negro play football?	forward
In what place did Antoine Virgile Schneider die?	Rouen
On which date did Catherine Ann Andersen die?	15 July 1882
What year did Bech-Bodson Ministry start?	1946
What is the gender George Castledine is known by?	baritone
What is the name of Skander Souayah's team?	Gresik United
What is the launch date of Mars 2MV-4 No.1?	24 September 1962
Which continent is Håhellerskarvet located?	Antar
What is the position of Alonso Llano Ruiz?	President of Spain
Which state is Delaware and Hudson Canal Museum located?	New Jersey
Who is the artist of Hey Gyp (Dig the Slowness)?	The B-52's
In which position does Gonzalo de los Santos play?	winger
Which show is Zoe Slater in?	Neighbours
What state is Edgware Way Grassland located?	Victoria
What nationality of Michel Quoist?	Spanish
What business published Journal of Solid State Chemistry?	World Scientific
What person illustrated Kunstformen der Natur?	Erwin Popper
At what location did Chandulal Shah die?	Tiruchuchir
Which country's citizen was William James Westwood?	Australia
The country of origin for Lethal Weapons of Love and Passion is what?	Sweden
What is the position of Ratliff Boon?	United States Senator
What noble family was Eystein Halfdansson part of?	Crovan dynasty
What artist was responsible for the creation of Signor Bonaventura?	Antonio Climati
What fictional work does Sophie Ramsay exist in?	Home and Away
What war or battle did Eli Long fight in?	Spanish Civil War
What year was Ploughmen's Front established?	1917
In which fictional work is Song Jiang a character?	Dream of the Red Chamber
What kind of  occupation does Eduardo Barragán have?	boxer
What voice type does Vincenzo Bettoni have?	soprano
What is the vocal range for Malin Hartelius?	contralto
What airport is Sriwijaya Air part of?	Soekarno-Hatta Airport
What was Patrik Enberg's occupation?	actor
What language is Kiran Digest in?	Digest language
What sports team was Kevin Ingreso a member of?	FC Lugano
Which company is the parent company of T-Mobile UK?	TelePrompTer Corporation
What is the name of Mamadu Candé's team?	Clermont Foot
Who distributed The Eagle's Mate?	Goldwyn Pictures
What is Alexandra Barreto's spouse's name?	John Barreto
What company was Deep Valley released by?	New Line Cinema
Which family does Metacantharis belong to?	Noctuidae
Which continent is Isdalen Valley on?	ctica
What kind of  occupation does Ignaz Anton Demeter have?	botanist
In which war/battle did Samuel Chester Reid fight?	Spanish-- American War
Who discovered 134 Sophrosyne?	George Henry Peters
Which position was held by Walter G. Hollander?	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
The team Onze Estrelas Boa Vista is a member of which sports league?	Boa Vista Islander Championship
Which was the position that Eugene A. Clifford held?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
What was the name of Lawrence Marcus mother?	Loretta Young
When is the date of birth of Ezra Laderman?	1947
On what team is Danny Biega?	Anaheim Ducks
What year was RPG-22 commissioned?	1980
Who was the architect involved with Windsor Castle?	Hugh April
The publisher that published King's Bounty is what?	TSR
Which was the gender of Caroline Ladagnous?	male
The Hindley Earnshaw was made by whom?	Arthur Conan Doyle
The country for Safar Hai Shart was what?	Nepal
What city is CBUX-FM located?	Sherbrooke
On what date did USA-183 take off?	26 October 2005
In which continent is Eurus Ridge located?	North America
What is the name of the person who discovered 607 Jenny?	August Kopff the Elder
What is year of inception of Mokala National Park?	1961
The date of birth of Michael Mertens is?	21 July 1986
What programming language was used to write Snes9x?	Python
Which constellation is 62 Arietis a part of?	Andromeda
What was the date of Duncan McNab McEachran's death?	1961
Which sports team is Max Bailey a member of?	New York Giants
What country did A Dark Reflection originate?	Canada
In what city was João António Correia born in?	Lisbon
What is the national identity of Jeanne Fusier-Gir?	Danish
What year was Humanist Popular Front established?	1921
In what year did Jolt Online Gaming first exist?	1997
What is the native language of Bernard Lazare?	Spanish
Who is the director for Farewell Performance?	William A Wellman
In which year was the service entry date for RPG-22?	1975
What is the name of the state where Ma'ayanot Yeshiva High School is located?	Tel Aviv
In which fictional work is Heidi Costello a character?	Ugly Betty
What is the position of Walter E. Cook?	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
In what city was Arthur Wallis Exell born?	Brisbane
What airport is New York Air associated with?	Cuatro Vientos Airport
Which airline hub does Air Tanzania operate out of?	Julia International Airport
The date of birth of Richard Ernest Kunze is?	18 September 1899
What is the date of Giuseppe Alberti's death?	1780
What continent is Freyberg Mountains on?	South America
What is the country Project A is from?	Singapore
What is the birth place of  Max Noether?	Berlin
In which state is Seabreeze High School located?	New Jersey
What team does Kathrin Ress belong to?	Washington Mystics
Of what country is Gustav Noske a citizen?	Austria
Which constellation is NGC 4121 a part of?	Centaurus
What city is WZHT located?	Toledo
What company published River of Eternity?	Paradox Interactive
What position was played by Georges Ambourouet?	goaltender
In what place did Louis Aragon die?	Toulon
What is the place of birth of Enzo Serafin?	Bologna
Which state is Reric located?	Hesse
What kind of family is Coloniatherium of?	Geometridae
What is the name of university that educated Michael Angold?	Columbia University
The John Blackthorne is based upon what?	William Hogarth
In which year the first version of Two Old Men is released?	1819
Which show is Amy Greenwood in?	Home and Away
The birth date of Haminu Draman is what?	1 December 1986
The architect of One Times Square is whom?	HLW Communications
The voice type of Lorenz Fehenberger is what?	countertenor
What town is CJUV-FM liscensed in?	Vancouver
Which continent is Fjellimellom Valley on?	Africa
What is the place of birth of Ximena Valero?	San Luis Potosí
What kind of  occupation does Yvon Bertin have?	film director
On what chromosome is C5orf34 located?	chromosome fifth
What was the title that Abraham Janssen held?	prince of Copenhagen
On what channel did Caso Cerrado first air?	Telecinco
Who worked on designing Block Lamp?	Harland and Wolff
What team is Max Warren associated with?	Edmonton Eskimos
What is the name of university that educated Lucien Herr?	Université de Montréal
At what location did Krisztina Dobos die?	Kraków
What city is KTZN located?	Santa Barbara
Whom is USS Hepburn (FF-1055) named after?	William Hepburn
The date of birth for Auguste-Siméon Garneray is what?	4 May 1884
What war did Robert Opie Lindsay fight in?	American Civil War
The production company responsible for Obhishopto Nighty is what?	Shree Venkatesh Television
What year was BMP-1 commissioned?	1969
What title is held by Landrada?	soprano
Which series is The One with the Sonogram at the End a part of?	Dad's Army
Who was the publisher of Mini Ninjas?	Midway Games
What is the vocal range for Karl Erb?	baritone
What is the gender Andra Manson is associated with?	baritone
What network did Winter Is Coming originally appear on?	MTV
Who fathered Christian Louis de Massy?	Jean-Baptiste-Alexandre Massy
What river does Slab Fork connect to?	Guy Fawkes River
What was the record label of Steel City Trawler?	Warner Bros Records
What is the gender of Susan Foreman?	
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Atavachron?	Boredoms
What country released Toxi?	Australia
Who had the role of director in Gods of the Plague?	R G Springsteen
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:IR?	International Organization for Standardize
Which was the voice type that Anton Raaff had?	baritone
What is the language Silent Night is written in?	Swedish
Which family does Camptibia belong to?	Crambidae
What is the name of Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein father?	Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein
What company published Howard Journal of Criminal Justice?	Wiley-Blackwell
What is the national identity of Julius Heinrich Petermann?	Dutch
What football league is Wolfsberger AC a part of?	Austrian Regional League Central
Which state is Rondong Demang Stadium located?	Shetland
What is Playfairite named after?	George Playfair
Which country does Jo Jastram belong to?	Germany
What cast members where in The Golden Eye?	Gloria Swanson
What fictional work does Sandy Thomas exist in?	Shortland Street
On what chromosome is C7orf25 protein UPF0415 found?	chromosome Seven
What company built Marlin Camp Carbine?	Marlin Sports Cars
What kind of family is Hamilcoa of?	Lymantriidae
What league does Lehigh Valley United Sonic participate in?	National Women's Soccer League
The architect of First Canadian Place is whom?	Bank of Montreal
What team does Bartosz Kaśnikowski play for?	KS Cracovia
Which year did Hjørring County end?	1659
What team did Tony Windis play for?	Boston Celtics
Which was the position that Peter Damian held?	Prime Minister of France
Where does B68 Toftir II play its home games?	Södertälje SK
Whom is Place Carnot named after?	C Carnot
Where did Marie Rudisill live when he died?	Vienna
What is the date of birth for Geoffrey Sumner?	1942
What league does Cortuluá participate in?	Torneo Argentino B
The disease that Raúl Dávila died of was what?	prostate cancer
What is the name of university that educated Maya Jaggi?	University of Michigan
Who created The Best American Poetry 1996?	Jorie Graham
What year was Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College founded?	2013
Who directed The Best Years of Our Lives?	Daniel Mandrell
The star WASP-43 is a part of the constellation named what?	Auriga
What team does Saša Zečević play for?	FK Senica
The show Weed Country originally aired on what network?	Discovery Kids
What was the death date of Harmar Nicholls?	16 July 2008
Which corporation was Colt Python created by?	Colt's Arms
What is the gender of Sarita Phongsri?	
Which was the family of Llistrofus?	Llistrofidae
What is the name of the state where Strupčice is located?	Gmina Strupčice
The birth date of Eugene Mailloux is what?	1902
The star/galaxy Abell 665 is in what constellation?	Hydra
Who discovered 212 Medea?	J H C Whitehead
What vessel type is USS Bumper (SS-333)?	Los Angeles-class submarine
From what city is the band Filipinki?	Poznań
What is the language La Araucana is written in?	Argentina
What title is held by Awtel?	blessed
What company built Remington Model 58?	John Browning
What was the death date of Proculus of Bologna?	1060
Which year did Carantania end?	928
Which state is Fort Ricasoli located?	Tasmania
What nationality of Jean Foyer?	German
What country released Anna-Liisa?	Lithuania
What cause of death was listed for Richard Chung?	hunting accident
What type of aquatic unit is Costa Pacifica?	Fletcher-class destroyer
What war or battle did Harold Dale Meyerkord fight in?	World War I
At what location did Heinrich Vogtherr die?	Hamburg
Who fathered Jean-Philippe Toussaint?	Yvon Toussaint
The appearance of Diana Marshall is seen in what work?	Family Affairs
Which company manufactured BSA Ultra?	UltraVTech
Who was the architect that designed Hoftoren?	Werner Schroeter
Who published Victorian Studies?	Wiley- Blackwell
What is the name of the airport where US Airways Express is located?	Charlotte/Douglas Airport
What voice type does Francisco Araiza have?	countertenor
The Jurassic was named for whom?	Jurassic Park
What noble title does Eteocles hold?	king of Sparta
By which person Riparian Plaza has been designed?	Richard Seidler
The point in time of Spanair Flight 5022 was what?	20 April 2008
What is the vocal range for Joy Clements?	mezzo-oprano
Who is the illustrator of Baboushka and the Three Kings?	Stephanie Plum
The cause of death for Damon Harris was what?	multiple myeloma
What is the gender Olena Zhupina is associated with?	male
What league was FC Aldiyer Kurshab?	Belarusian Second League
What was the name of Bidar Bakht mother?	Mithun Chakraborty
What was the year that Sturmtiger entered service?	1940
From what city is the band St. Louis Union?	Birmingham
What killed Jay Traynor?	Traynor cancer
What is the university where Beata Szymańska went?	Warsaw School of Economics
What company manufactures EAM Nuvolari S1?	Nuvolari Automobile
Who is listed as Temenus father?	Darius III
Who desigened .44 Special?	Smiths Dock Company
Where did Wesley Alba Sturges study or work?	Ohio State University
What is the city of origin of September Girls?	London
In the film The Last Hunter, who was the star?	James Coburn
In which year Principality of Grubenhagen ceased to exist?	1806
Of what series is Luna 1 a part of?	Luna series
What is the language Olivera Marković is written in?	Slovak
Why did Roy Dowling die?	heart failure
In the film Madly in Love, who was the star?	Gloria Swanson
What was the title that Sir Robert Slingsby, 1st Baronet held?	Earl of Lincoln
What is the original channel that City Guys played on?	UPN
Which position was held by René Joseph Rakotondrabé?	President of Gabon
In which fictional universe does Lieutenant Marvels exist?	Marvel Universe
What is the name of Change of the Century's record label?	Columbia Records
What kind of medical issue did Herbert Biberman have?	heart failure
What year did Sammy Ofer die?	1957
When was Neal Abberley's death?	1958
What was the name of Juho Lähde's team?	Lukko
What is the position of Ralph de Sempringham?	Archbishop of Canterbury
What town or city does CJOI-FM serve?	London
What was the record label of An Evening with Oscar Peterson?	Motown
What diseased did P. Bhaskaran struggle with?	Parkinson's disease
What year did Woodward & Lothrop end?	2001
What is the series that Turtles All the Way Down is a part of?	Turtles in the Wild
What instrument is Andante and Finale for?	violin
The production company responsible for Comedy Slapdown is what?	Funny or Die
Which was the position that Ernest Musgrave Harvey held?	Governor of New Jersey
Who was The Monster Bed illustrated by?	Lynd Ward
What is the country Pokémon Origins is from?	France
What city did Marie Elisabeth of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel live when he died?	Borlitz
What is the name of the fictional universe that Wolfram & Hart is from?	Noon Universe
What is Whitejets's parent company?	Ajets Airways
Which lady Maurice Rostand was born to?	Rosemonde Rostand
What city is Luis Horna from?	Mexico City
In which year was the service entry date for R-77?	1991
When does the Fishpool Hoard discovered?	1971
The Cağaloğlu was named for whom?	Cağaloğlu River
What year was it when Tiberina Republic was dissolved?	1798
Which company is known as the manufacturer of Remington Model 742?	John Browning
Which constellation is formed by HD 24496?	Pavo
Who is Femme Lisant by?	Jean Fouquet
What cause of death was listed for Pietro della Vigna?	hunting accident
What college did Erik Penser go to?	Norwegian Institute of Technology
How endangered does the iucn consider Chinese sturgeon?	Data Deficient
The architect of Horta Museum is whom?	Victor Laloux
What was the sickness that killed Peter Cheeseman?	Parkinson'sculosis
The 790 Pretoria was discovered by whom?	Johann Palisa
What is the name of the state where Pylon Field is located?	Massachusetts
The gender of Una Prentice is what?	male
What show is Nancy Callahan from?	Callahan and Hall
What was George Rasely's range?	bass
What disease did Victor Benjamin Neuburg suffer from?	tuber cancer
On what date did Operation Perch end?	6 December 1944
Which country does Yang Zhongjian belong to?	People's United Kingdom
Which performer released There Came a Lion as it's album?	John Lennon
Who is Benois Madonna by?	Raphael
When did Balthazar Korab's death occur?	18 December 2015
Which director worked on the film Un chant d'amour?	Jean Caillonneau
To which fictional work does Cedric Daniels appear in?	All My Children
What type of aquatic unit is USS Bremerton (SSN-698)?	Los Angeles-class cruiser
What state is Lakeview Shock Incarceration Correctional Facility located?	New Jersey
What gender is Fatoumata Koné?	midfielder
In what year did Lyudinovo first exist?	1902
What is the date of birth for Petar Miloševski?	20 April 1991
What city is Xavier Vernetta associated with?	Montreal
Which series is Escape to L.A. a part of?	Nancy Drew
The point in time of Burunga massacre was what?	26 April 1971
The college Robert E. Connick attended was what?	Columbia Law School
The college Charles Biddle Shepard attended was what?	Columbia University
Who gives out the Royal Medal award?	Royal Academy of Music
Which team is Petr Tlustý a member of?	FC Vysočina Brno
On what moon or planet can Syria Planum be found?	Damascus
Where did Ernst Bollmann live when he died?	Dresden
What gender is Michaela Staniford?	
The cause of death for Derek Fatchett was what?	heart failure
What country was Jacoba Maria van Nickelen in?	Belgium
The nationality of Agnès Desarthe is?	German
The college Evan Noel attended was what?	Balliol College
Which was the position that Joseph Ludwig Colmar held?	Governor of Wisconsin
For what crime was Gary Critchley prosecuted?	crime against humanity
Who was the male parent of Inachus?	Tyroneus
On which date did George Makgill die?	1957
What is the common name of the place where Centro Sportivo Paraibano plays their home games?	Almeidów Stadion
Which architect was responsible for Smolny Institute?	Giacomo Smolny
What was the year Iron Dome entered service?	2012
What city is WXKX located?	Charleston
Which continent is Gusty Gully located?	Antar
What is the name of university that educated Vince Pazzetti?	University of Georgia
What was the date of the official opening of Residenzgalerie?	1921
What is the name of Can't Buy a Miracle's record label?	Epic Records
What is the name of Ibhar father?	Harmon
When was the birth of Volker Halbach?	19 March 1894
What language is Ermione written?	Spanish
The year that Muskoka Cottage Brewery was created was?	2009
What network is Adventure Camp associated with?	CBBC
The college Robert Macnish attended was what?	University of Glasgow
What war was Gerald Smyth in?	Second Boer War
What was the record label of Rehearsals for Retirement?	Warp
What is the native language of Ludovic-Oscar Frossard?	Spanish
What was the name of the city or state where Soundgarden was formed?	Los Angeles
Whom is University of Luhansk named after?	Saint-Petersburg
Who made LG GW620?	LG Motors
What is Leader Price's parent company?	Pinnacle Airlines Corp
What is the iucn conservation status of Pittosporum viridulatum?	endangered species
In what fictional work would you find a character named Cliffjumper?	Transformers: The Movie
In football, which position does Roman Stefurak play?	defender
In what city was Wendel Alex dos Santos born?	Lisbon
What company is Dorchester Collection part of?	Chapman & Hall
Who featured in the film Raja Mukthi?	Suresh Oberoi
What company built Lotarev D-36?	Lotarev Factory
Where is Avernus Colles found?	Mars the Great
Which was the record label for Sale el Sol?	Sony Music Entertainment
On what celestial body is Aurorae Sinus located?	Moon
What country released Rochebaron?	Switzerland
What is the name of the state where São João do Arraial is located?	São Paulo
Which was the production company for Darktown Strutters?	New World War II Films
What disease did Norman Kaye suffer from?	Parkinson's disease
What sports team was Jacob Moli a member of?	FC Utrecht
What was Acquanetta's medical condition near the end of his life?	1918 flu pandemic
What is the musical instrument Kreisleriana was intended for?	flute
Which is the league of Square United?	Saint Lucia Gold League
Where did Gaston Floquet live when he died?	Toulouse
What was Anthony Kearns's range?	bass
What is the country Queen Divas is from?	New Zealand
What is the city of origin of Aerosmith?	Philadelphia
What year was it when Leap Wireless was dissolved?	2015
Who published 4 Wheel Thunder?	Electronic Arts
On which instrument(s) was Estampes created to be played on?	drum
What is the name of the state where Vecchiano is located?	Province
What artist released Never Going Nowhere?	The Trews
The date of birth for Keith Hicks is what?	1952
What kind of family is Anoplognathus chloropyrus of?	Chloropyrus
When was I²C discovered?	1982 Elite
What production company was involved in Oliver & Company?	The Walt Disney Company
What artist released Warm Slime?	Snowy White
Which is the manufacturer of System Controller Hub?	Sony Computer Entertainment
Which series is Tiegs for Two a part of?	Dad's Army
Which is the designer of BaseKing?	Joachim Patin
What is the place of birth of Douglas Gunn?	Monterey
Which place is The Wilding in?	California
What country did Marine Scout Sniper Rifle originate?	Philippine Republic
What year was Sinclair Scientific introduced?	1973
In which war did Mobile Riverine Force serve?	World War II
To which fictional work does Vashti appear in?	The Voyage of the Dawnt
Which place is Rescue 77 in?	New Jersey
What is the date when 1998 United States embassy bombings happened?	7 October 1998
Who has acted in the film Sh'Chur?	Lon Chaney
What year did Bernie Knee die?	13 June 2008
What year did France Adamič die?	18 February 1882
What voice type does Antonio Denzio have?	baritone
What college did Clara Antoinette McCarty Wilt go to?	University of Pennsylvania
In which position does Stuart Mills play?	winger
When was Elmer Ellsworth Brown's death?	1947
What college did Arti Dhand go to?	Brown University
What position was played by Hamza Muwonge?	defender
The year that Nightboat Books was created was?	2009
What type of tone does Melba Ramos sing in?	mezzo-srano
Which country's citizen was Armen Movsessian?	Armen Empire
Which team does Mykola Shaparenko play for?	FC Atyrau
The product of Coniagas Mine is what?	agas
The artwork The Fairly OddParents was by who?	Lynd Ward
In what city did William J. Hosey die?	San Diego
What series is the episode Sharpe's Trafalgar part of?	Thomas Sharpe
Which was the position that Jedediah Morgan held?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
When did Nathaniel Napier's death occur?	1815
What company is Colgan Air part of?	Pinnacle Airlines Holdings
Where can you find the show Pit Bulls & Parolees?	CBS
What date did Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren die on?	1927
What college did Betsy Foxman go to?	Harvard University
Where did Jack Kid Berg live when he died?	New Orleans
The director of The Devious Path is who?	Georg Friedrich Schinkel
What is the name of the King's House on Schachen architect?	Georg Friedrich Schachen
What celestial body can Pioneer Terra be found on?	Venus
Of which constellation is HD 168443 a part?	Cygnus
What is the cause of death for Zola Taylor?	pancreatica
What war did Josef Friedrich participate in?	Napoleonic Wars
Who fathered Iorwerth Drwyndwn?	Oorwerth Gwynedd
In football, which position does Shefqet Topi play?	winger
The production company responsible for Out of the Past is what?	Rosa Filmes
Who was the designor of Albert and Edith Adelman House?	Frank Gehry
What is the national identity of Yves Robert?	English
What is the name of the fictional universe that Sentinels of Magic is from?	DC Comics
What is the national identity of Anja Weisgerber?	French
What is the name of the Capital Gate architect?	RMJM', "Stone & Partners
In what place did Giovanni Morelli die?	Venice
Player Jay Brophy plays for what team?	New Orleans Saints
Which league did Conwy Borough F.C. join with?	Cayman Islands League
In which fictional work is Max Hoyland a character?	Home and Away
Who is Waynehead by?	David Crane
What team does Tombi Bell belong to?	Washington Mystics
What river does Tanew form a part of?	Han River
What kind of  occupation does George Stretton have?	architect
What network is Mad for It associated with?	E4
What material was used for 7Q5?	bronze
Who is the architect for Leeds Corn Exchange?	César Pelli
Where can you find the show Pícara Sonhadora?	SBT
Who was Thomas Palaiologos's mother?	Helena Kantakouly
What is the position of Gioacchino Muccin?	cardinal
What is the status of Cuban macaw?	Extinct
Which designer was responsible for Deutsches Stadion?	Albert Gleizes
Which corporation was T-Mobile myTouch 4G created by?	NEC
What language is Le Matin de Paris written?	Catalan
Whose direction is Dunderklumpen!?	Dirch Passer
What was the year that Shahab-1 entered service?	1971
Who was responsible for the discovery of 785 Zwetana?	Johann Palisa
In what war did S.L.A. Marshall fight in?	Vietnam War
The genus Borneodendron is a part of what family?	Cerambycidae
What is the country Frittula is from?	France
What city was Pantera formed in?	Argentina
What was Alex Troup's position?	goalkeeper
What is the constellation where 20 Arietis is located?	Andromeda
What is the gender François de Ripert-Monclar is known by?	baritone
When date was the official opening of Frederiksberg Station?	1999
Which singer-songwriter  is Sinister Slaughter the fifth studio album of?	Slade Runner
What was Len Fitzgerald's career?	journalist
What is the position of Benjamin W. Diederich?	bishop
Which network does Bob & Rose appear on?	CBS
What vessel type is USS Cone (DD-866)?	Gato-class destroyer
What team is Thomas Lombard associated with?	Philadelphia Eagles
What network is Most Evil associated with?	YTV
What is the name of the state where Bela Cerkev is located?	Žďár nad Labem District
Which artist is I Love You Yes I Do co-written and recorded by?	Barry Humphries
Which constellation is Kepler-5 in?	Lyra
The date of birth for Jitesh Sharma is what?	20 December 1986
What gender was Agostino Ghesini?	baritone
In which position does Raphael Schäfer play?	defender
What year was II Corps (South Korea) established?	1950
When was Saskatchewan Government Insurance established?	1998
What was the cause of death for Richard Sonnenfeldt?	stomach cancer
What city did Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde live when he died?	Göteberg
What was Stéphane Denève's career?	actor
Which lady gave birth to Bridget of York?	Elizabeth Blount
What is the vocal range for Sigurður Bragason?	countertenor
The publisher that published Between the World and Me is what?	Simon & Schuster
What was the record label of Talk That Talk?	Rounder Records
Which was the family of Moserella?	Tineidae
Which position was held by George Colley?	Archbishop of York
What is the product made by Westray Mine?	uranium
What is the national identity of Henri-René Lenormand?	German
Who is Dora Annie Dickens's dad?	Henry Dickens
What nationality was Yaël Hassan?	Danish
Of what river is Hocking River a tributary?	Ohio State Senate
The continent that Inverleith Harbour is on is what?	South America
What celestial body can Isbanir Fossa be found on?	Oberon
What series is The Return of Chef in?	Chef series
When did Biscari massacre occurr?	14 December 1943
At what location did Wenceslau de Moraes die?	Seville
What position did Carlos Lázaro Vallejo play in football?	winger
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Peter Eich?	SV Neulengbach
At what location did Louis-Simon Auger die?	Le Creusot
On what team is Pekka Rinne?	Nashville Capitals
What town or city does WAFN-FM serve?	Manassas
Who is the creator of Miró Wall?	Vincent van Gogh
What medical condition was Carl Holtz suffering from?	Parkinson's disease
What was the record label of By All Means Necessary?	Atlantic Records
Which was the voice type that Martina Janková had?	mezzo-srano
Was the death of Pietro della Vigna an accident or suicide?	murder
Which constellation is HD 218566 in?	Pegasus
What nationality of Kwon Yeo-sun?	South Korea
What is the vocal range for Terry Barber?	soprano
What is the cause of death for Henry Lehrman?	lung cancer
What company makes Atari 7800?	Atari Computer Corporation
What city was Marko Tredup born?	Tallinn
What kind of  occupation does Francesc Mulet have?	architect
In which state is Shire of Augusta-Margaret River located?	Ontario
What company produced You, John Jones!?	Metro Pictures
Which was the voice type that Zdzisława Donat had?	mezzo-oprano
Who is the director of The Hedgehog?	Ernst Lubitsch
What is the name of Julian Grundt's position?	defenceman
Which airport does COTAIR operate in?	COTA International Airport
From what city is the band Miike Snow?	Stockholm the Elder
What was the year of Rockland Records's inception?	1997
The astronomical body that Dorsum Thera is on is what?	Mercury
What league was Seven Sisters A.F.C.?	Neath & District Soccer League
What is Marion Freisler's spouse's name?	William Freisler
What show is Roy Farmer from?	Farmer's Daughter
Which year did Republic of Genoa end?	1897
In what war was Gotfred Jensen a combatant?	Thirty Years' War
What piece of fiction does Paul Trueman appear in?	Emmerdale
What was George Graham Vest's occupation?	architect
The Landau distribution was named for whom?	Vernon Landau
What town is WPYB liscensed in?	Olney
The cause of death for Hugh Bradner was what?	pancreatica
The voice type of Stella Roman is what?	mezzo-srano
Which continent is Prince Charles Mountains located?	South America
What position was played by Vojislav Budimirović?	defenceman
What was the name of the discoverer of 171 Ophelia?	Albrecht Dürer
Which is the cause of death of Tristan Corbière?	tuber cancer
Who was the director for The Promise of Love?	Gian Vittorio Baldi
What was Bert Foulds's position?	inside forward
The voice type of Emmy Krüger is what?	contralto
Who was the male parent of Zhongjue?	Zhongjue
What led to Norman Kaye's death?	1918 flu pandemic
What is the sex or gender of Devon Diggle?	baritone
What was the date of Luch 5A's launch?	11 January 2011
What is the native language of Christian Morin?	German
On what instrument is Pièces pittoresques played?	violin
In which war did Charles-Théodore Millot serve?	French Revolutionary Wars
What celestial body can Padus Vallis be found on?	Mercury
The point in time of 28th Venice International Film Festival was when?	1967
What town is WONW liscensed in?	Clarksburg, Virginia
On which continent is Emeline Island located?	South America
Who is the designer of Geneforge 2?	Spiderweb Design
What year did Mihalj Kečkeš die?	15 January 1891
What was the title that Albert, Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt held?	Grand Duke of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt
What town is WKZN liscensed in?	Green Bay
What studio produced Movie Crazy?	Harvey Weinstein
What ranking did Louis Gaspard Gustave Adolphe Yvelin de Béville hold in the military?	colonel
Which state is Adelinów located?	Gmina Łęczna
Who was responsible for the direction of Victoria L?	Johannes Vermeer
What was the name of Prince Hubertus of Hohenzollern mother?	Infanta Birgitta of Portugal
What year did OzEmail end?	2006
On what continent can Fritsen Valley be found?	North America
On what team is Clint Richardson?	Toronto Maple Leafs
Which college or university is related with Brandon Corp?	University of Michigan
Who was Dancing Rain's father?	King Dancer
What is the name of Khokok Roniarto's team?	PSM Makassar
What is Dilşat Yıldız's sex?	
What production company was involved in Broken Hearts of Hollywood?	Warner Pictures
What is the name of university that educated Ece Yaşar?	Central European University
For which sports team does Roland Mundi play?	SC Porto
What work of fiction is Big Giant Head located in?	Beowulf
What network first aired Kevin McCloud's Man Made Home?	Network Ten
When was Royal British Columbia Museum opened?	1786
Which sports team is Elvio Jiménez a member of?	Real Murcia
What was the date of death of Rudolf Muus?	16 July 1875
The person that is the mother of George Washington Custis Lee is who?	Martha Washington Lee
What is the name of the state where Kouelworo is located?	Tunis District
What company distributed Wedlock Deadlock?	Columbia Law School
What is the language of Ginette Leclerc?	English
Over which river does Lindaunis Bridge cross?	Schuylkill River
Who made 150 Nuwa known?	William Herschel
The SpaceX CRS-3 was launched on what date?	18 April 2014
Which continent is O'Brien Island located?	Antar
For which sports team does Henry Arnold Lawrence play?	New York Jets
Which was the voice type that Ugo Savarese had?	soprano
Which company is the parent company of Hutchison Whampoa?	Chevron Corporation
What type of tone does Stella Zambalis sing in?	mezzo-oprano
What is the university where Enrico Butti went?	Pontifical Biblical Institute
The artwork UIC Skyspace was by who?	Chris Hall
What was Anton Grimus's career?	architect
Which place does Giulio Cesare exist in?	Milan
Where is Sobkou Planitia found?	Venus
What team is Tony Windis on?	Boston Celtics
What city is Eric Wrixon from?	Norfolk
In which year the first version of Itaperuna Esporte Clube is released?	2010
Which was the family of Metarminoidea?	Tortricidae
What status on the endangered list is Peltophryne fluviatica?	critically threatened
What kind of  occupation does Michael R. Perry have?	screenwriter
Who is the Hubble sequence named after?	Rudolf Hubble
What town or city does WCTK serve?	Norwich, Connecticut
Over what river does Angers Bridge cross?	Angers River
In which fictional work is Rock Lords a character?	Lords of the Galaxy
What year did New Tricks start?	1961
In what place did Alexandre Bultos die?	Granada
The father of Jerningham Wakefield is whom?	John Wakefield
Which species has the APAF1 gene?	species
What war did Jack Cornwell fight in?	War of 1812
What series is the episode Grey Dawn part of?	Doctor Who
What type of tone does Émile-Alexandre Taskin sing in?	bass
What is the name of the stadium where Oratório Recreativo Clube plays home games?	Zaragoza
The Three Doors to Death is part of a what series?	Nancy Drew
What programming language was used to write GODI?	OC++
Where did Herbert Hahn live when he died?	Munich
Who made Winchester Model 52?	Winchester Repeating Arms Works
What year was it when Service de Documentation Extérieure et de Contre-Espionnage was dissolved?	2 March 1994
Which is the date of death for Thomas Glaholm?	16 July 1882
What year was the end of Gamestation?	January 2011
What is Paul Smolensky's place of employment?	Harvard University
Where is Arsia Chasmata found?	Moon
What piece of fiction does Anne Shirley appear in?	Anne Boleyn
The Might as Well Be Dead is part of a what series?	The Twilight Zone
What was the date of death of Battistina Vernazza?	1580
What was David Furnell specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defenceman
When was Alberford abolished?	1928
What company was Super Chinese 3 released by?	2K Games
Whose direction is Kikujiro?	Tetsuo Miki
What was the record label of Praying for Time?	Atlantic Records
What voice type does Sara Fulgoni have?	contralto
What constellation is NGC 7537 part of?	Pisces
What is the name of Wilbury Twist's record label?	Atlantic Records
What year was Registry of the Canadian Stroke Network founded?	2002
What production company or companies created Hollywoodland?	Troma Entertainment
In what war was Lewis Locke a combatant?	Vietnam War
What is the publisher of Young Thor?	Atari
Which person was the head of government of Le Moule?	Jean-Pierre Fougerat
The genus Fagivorina is a part of what family?	Tortricinae
Who designed the USRA Light Mikado?	United StatesRA
What is the cause of death of Helen Forrest?	lung cancer
What company is SAS Braathens part of?	Braganza
The voice type of Vina Bovy is what?	mezzo-oprano
Who originally recorded Dreamtime Return?	The Moody Blues
What type of voice does Janet Coster have?	contralto
Which crime Hampus Hellekant is considered to have commited?	tax evasion
What fictional work does Agag exist in?	Mortal Kombat
The birth date of Julien Taramarcaz is what?	20 June 1986
Which was the record label for Out of the Valley?	Atlantic Records
What airport is Court Line part of?	Alykel Airport
What position is played by Zhu Guanghu?	defender
What year did BET 3-wheeler start?	19 December 1999
By which person Marina One has been designed?	Bertrand Goldberg
What date is associated with 39th International Film Festival of India?	2006
Who is the MCU Park named after?	KeySpan Center
What team does Glen Seabrooke belong to?	Chicago Blackhawks
What city is Jordi Nopca associated with?	Barranquilla
Who directed or edited Into Great Silence?	Philip Johnson
What city was Patricia McPherson born in?	Toronto
Who is the architect of Walter Rudin House?	Frank Gehry
What is the home city of SEALNet?	Stanford City
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Selfridge (DD-357)?	Paulding-class destroyer
Which war was James Hogun in?	Spanish-- American War
At what location did Cliff Griffith die?	Lima
What state is Zwartówko located?	Gmina Górnik
Which is the distributor of The Lost World of Communism?	BBC Books
The cause of death of Helen Boehm is what?	Parkinson'sculosis
What celestial body can Eyre Lacuna be found on?	Tremors
In which continent is Koechlin Island located?	South America
What is the name of the person who discovered Wireworld?	David Lynch
Which show is Sally Spode in?	EastEnders
In which fictional work is Annie Palmer a character?	Palmers Club
When was Life Underground launched?	2012
Who gives out the Presidential Young Investigator Award award?	National Science and Technology Council
The country of origin for Meherjaan is what?	Netherlands
What business published American Journal of Public Health?	American Academy of Public Health
What is Ivan Soll's place of employment?	University of Michigan
What show is Fred VII from?	The Avengers
In football, which position does Kit Zell play?	forward
What was the record label of Revolution!?	EMI Records
Which was the creator of Shadow Weave?	David Bowie
Which state is Gilan Tappeh located?	Golestan Province
Which series is We All Go a Little Mad Sometimes a part of?	Modern Family
With which fictional universe is the character Tom Bombadil associated?	Forgotten Realms
The college Paul E. Stein attended was what?	Brigham Young University
Which was the production company for Whatever Works?	Sony Music Entertainment
What team is Milan Strelec affiliated with?	FK Senica
Which place is Fairly Legal in?	California
What year did British Airways Ltd end?	1934
Who was the star of Sabse Bada Khiladi?	Suresh Oberoi
In which language F1 Magazine monthly football magazine reporting?	Persian
Which species has the QDPR gene?	male
Which airport is most closely associated with Armenian International Airways?	Tbilisi International Airport
The team WSA Winnipeg is a member of which sports league?	USL First Division
The star 3C 171 is part of the constellation known as what?	Cetus
What city was Fargetta born?	Siena
In what place did André Charles Victor Reille die?	Toulouse
What college did Elizabeth Hill Boone go to?	New York University
What is the programming language for AutoTheme?	JavaScript
Which war was William Gabriel Davy a part of?	World War I
With which fictional universe is the character Tia Dalma associated?	DC Universe
The college Horace Sewell attended was what?	Princeton University
What fictional work does Tanja von Lahnstein exist in?	Passions
The architect of Hôtel de Toulouse was whom?	Victor Horta
What is the native language of Alain Cuny?	German
What is the name of university that educated Zigmas Zinkevičius?	University of Latvia
What company published Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?	Chicka Chicka Books
What is the date of death for Xu Yixin?	7 April 2014
Who was the artiste for The Thin Line Between?	The Damned
What illness negatively impacted Emery Bopp?	Alzheimer's cancer
Which was the position that Theodore W. Brazeau held?	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
On what celestial body is Rimae Fresnel located?	Io
Where did Laika live when he died?	Lausanne
What river does General Pierce Bridge cross?	Ohio River
Which company is the parent company of UTair Express?	UTair Aerodrome
What town is KRNE-FM liscensed in?	Lincoln, Nebraska
The voice type of Kathryn Grayson is what?	contralto
In the film Blue Fin, who was the star?	Dana Andrews
What is the iucn conservation status of Sentani rainbowfish?	rainbowfish
The Squirt TV was made by whom?	Derek Gardner
The point in time of 2009 Nazran bombing was when?	17 May 2009
What is the name of the place where Pyxis of Zamora can be found?	National Gallery of Spain
Which is the body of water by Palazzo Corner Spinelli?	Neighbours
In which war did Harold Albert Kullberg fought?	Vietnam War
What is the position of Ferenc Gyurcsány?	Prime Minister
What language is Kampioen in?	Finnish
What was Jani Tanska's position?	goalkeeper
What position does Essam Mahmoud play?	goalkeeper
Who designed the QJY-88?	Norilsk Nickel
What is the country Tilva Roš is from?	Czechoslovakia
Which was the family of Negria?	Noctuidae
What position did Silke Rottenberg play?	goalkeeper
Which corporation was MV Baltic Ace created by?	Lithgows
On what date did Silly Symphony end?	1961
Which medical condition afflicts Colin Clive?	tuber disease
Which constellation is COROT-5 in?	Auriga
What was Henning Löhlein birth country?	Sweden
At what location did Leonardo Cattaneo della Volta die?	Genoa
What river does Betka River turn into?	Bemm River
The movie Within the Woods is by whom?	Sam R Monroe
In which language Monato monthly football magazine reporting?	Galician
What fictional work does Judy Brownlee exist in?	EastEnders
What constellation is HD 81101 a part of?	Antlia
What team is Marty Murray associated with?	Tampa Bay Lightning
By whom was Joan Lui was directed or edited by?	Manoel de Oliveira
Which show is Sally Hunter in?	As the World Turns
What town is KOAR liscensed in?	Boulder City
At what airport can you find Kaltim Airlines?	Samarinda Airport
What is the name of the publisher of The Sinister Signpost?	Dodd, Mead and Company
On what celestial body is Pavonis Mons located?	Moon
What is the name of the place at which FC Bayterek played?	Astrium
The cause of death for Anton Buslov was what?	cholera
What college did Albert Perry Brigham go to?	United States Military Institute
What was Mohit Chauhan's career?	film director
The Nightbreed is based upon what?	The Dream of Eagles
What continent contains Horseshoe Mountain?	North America
What fictional work does Jackson Avery exist in?	The Young and the Beautiful
When did Silvertown explosion occur?	19 April 1917
What position in football did Eldin Karišik play?	goalkeeper
What was Nick Fiorucci's occupation?	actor
What was the noble family that Saint Margaret of Scotland was from?	House
What year was Green Charge Networks formed in?	2007
What state is Niewiesz located?	Gmina Czerwonka
What position does Christophe Landrin play?	goaltender
What is the name of university that educated Scott Ginsburg?	University of Pennsylvania Law School
What football league is Atlético Boca del Río a part of?	Segunda División de México
The college Obadiah Walker attended was what?	Ohio State University
What team is LaSalle Thompson on?	Sacramento Monarchs
What noble title does Sigismund Kęstutaitis hold?	duke of Lithuania
What year did Reich Ministry of Science, Education and Culture dissolve?	1944
What is Gerwin van der Werf's birthplace?	Wiese
What is the birthplace of Stuart Golabek?	Bucharest
What cast members where in Rough Shoot?	Dennis Hopper
In the film The Chicago 8, who was the star?	John Malkovich
What was the date of birth of Staffan Tapper?	1946
What type of universe is Beast Boy a fictional character in?	Marvel Universe
In what city or state did the formation of 5th Projekt occur?	Boston
Which country is Karine Legault from?	Sweden
When was Henk Buck born?	15 February 1882
What company made Winchester Model 1907?	Winchester Firearms
What continent can you find Lavoisier Island?	South America
What town is KFNW-FM liscensed in?	Grand Junction
What college did David E. Housel go to?	Harvard University
Which network plays La Tormenta?	La 2
What was the record label of Soft and Beautiful?	Atlantic Records
What football league is Philadelphia Union a part of?	MLS Reserve League
Which woman was the sister of Jane Fellowes, Baroness Fellowes?	Catherine Fellowes, 1st Duchess of Suffolk
What was the year HPANA was formed in?	2005
What is the name of the publisher of Crystals of Arborea?	TSR
What is the universe that Steel (John Henry Irons) exists in?	Stargate
Which year did Automeccanica end?	1998
What was the native language of Robert Ozanne?	German
What is the conservation status of Archachatina bicarinata?	Data Deficient
Which is the license of GT.M?	Mozilla Public License
What is the team that Conor Sheary is associated with?	Sheffield Eagles
Of which constellation is HD 216718 a part?	Piscis Major
Who directed the film Monamour?	Troma Entertainment
In which state is Rodalben located?	Gmina Sierau
What fictional work does Marcie Walsh McBain exist in?	Home and Away
In what city did Samuel Lincoln die?	Chicago
What war was John Amherst in?	Napoleonic Wars
In which fictional universe does Chessure exist?	Marvel Universe
Which performer released the album Let's Build a Fire?	Lil' Man
What position was played by Iman Kiani?	defender
What is the name of the company which distributed Murder by Contract?	Columbia Records
On what continent can Mount McKerrow be found?	Antar
What is the team that Petr Čáslava is associated with?	1 FC Tatraná
The cause of death for Kolgrim was what?	grim
What is Hans Thirring's place of employment?	University of Bonn
In what living being can SYTL2 be found?	male
What kind of  occupation does Evelyne Gebhardt have?	journalist
What is the name of the airport associated with Glenorchy Air?	Queenstown, New York
What piece of fiction does Serena Southerlyn appear in?	Law & Order, Part I
What year was it when Bay Networks was dissolved?	2009
What was Irène de Lipkowski's occupation?	writer
The Throne of Weapons was made by whom?	Agatha Christie
What was the date of USA-94's launch?	30 September 1993
What channel aired Ühikarotid?	TVA1
What is the original channel that Kachorra played on?	TV3
What production company or companies created The Singing Hill?	Columbia Pictures
What language is Cafcaf written in?	Romanian
What type of voice does Amalia Paoli have?	mezzo-oprano
What killed George Lundy?	prostate cancer
When was Residenzgalerie founded/built?	1928
Who was the mother of Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark?	Princess Alice of Battenberg-Kassel
What state is Yahtse Glacier located?	Idaho
What is the name of the director of El Mariachi?	Mariachi Productions
In which year was Hubei University established?	1952
What was the noble family that Eystein Halfdansson was from?	Yngvar Nielsen
What year was the end of Nordhausen?	1807
Which war was Joseph Lee Jayne a part of?	World War II
In which state is Boigneville located?	Haute-Marne
What date did Edmund Charles Wyldbore Smith die on?	1909
Which country does Jinadasa Kitulagoda belong to?	Thailand
Who was the director for W la foca?	Lucio Fulci
The cause of death of Herb Carneal is what?	bone cancer
Who was the distributor of Gidget Goes to Rome?	Columbia Law School
Who was the designor of Westland Lynx?	Westland Helicopter Company
Which digital media publicised Saranggola?	GMA Film Corporation
In what fictional work would you find a character named Tony Hills?	One Life to Live
On what date did STSAT-2C launch?	30 March 2013
What language is Beunans Meriasek written in?	Cornwallian
What work of fiction is Gongsun Sheng located in?	Dream of the Red Chamber
Which was the creator of Doctor Finlay?	Terence Feely
What was Liv Maessen's occupation?	journalist
What is the name university that educated Thomas Bartholin?	University of Bern
In which state is Knoxville Raceway located?	Ohio
What is the name of the publisher of Space Combat?	Microsoft Studios
Which is the designer of Mikulin AM-42?	Aleksi Mikulin
What body of water does Wangat River join?	Chichester Bay
Which was the position that Giovanni De Andrea held?	abbot
What language is Pnai Plus written?	Yiddish
At what location did Alfred Henry Spink die?	Chicago
What is the final year of Doriot, Flandrin & Parant?	1928
Who is in High Heels and Low Lifes as a cast member?	Dennis Hopper
Whom is Delisle scale named after?	Joseph Delisle
Which city was the birthplace of Robert Miles Sloman?	London
What is the programming language for ZeroBrane Studio?	C++
What company built Hummer HX?	General Electric
What is the final year of BC Alytus?	2009
What date was USA-94 launched?	30 March 1993
Which is the manufacturer of MAR-1?	Tula Arms Plant
What college did Joseph Raz go to?	University of Chicago
When did Bill Faul's death occur?	1957
What year was it when Reichspostministerium was dissolved?	1939
What city did Pope Alexander VI live when he died?	Naples
At what location did Sue Eakin die?	Baton Rouge
Which sports team is Ashley Houts a member of?	Seattle Storm
What college did Victor Destutt de Tracy go to?	École polytechnique de France
What is the name of José Francisco Molina's position?	defender
The work Estampes was created for playing on which instrument(s)?	orchestra
In the film Docteur Françoise Gailland, who was the star?	Jean-Baptiste Corot
Who is Henryk Rzewuski's sister?	Elżbieta Rzewuski
Of which country is Lerato Chabangu a citizen?	Cameroon
Who acted in Phantom Stallion?	Dennis Price
What was Pallav Kumar's career?	film director
Who led Yesh Atid?	Rudolph Matisse
Which player position has been assigned to Richard Stehlík?	goaltender
What piece of fiction does Zainab Masood appear in?	Shortland Street
Where was Jacques Pills born?	Montreal
What was the year that BRDM-2 entered service?	1862
What network does Hollywood Cycle air on?	TLC
What is the name of One Hot Minute's record label?	Atlantic Records
On what team is Jordan Schmaltz?	Stade Français
What artist was responsible for the creation of Time Transfixed?	Renzo Piano
With which fictional universe is the character Thog associated?	Wildstorm Universe
What is the name university that educated Sue Hartley?	London School of Economics
What is the constellation that is made with NGC 5068?	Centaurus
What company made GE U30C?	General Dynamics
Who id the director for Man in the Attic?	William Garwood
Of what series is Welcome Back, Carter a part of?	The Simpsons
In which language is Ieuan made in?	Finnish
What kind of family is Eucosmocydia of?	Noctuidae
Which lady Charles Delaunay was born to?	Delaunay House
What family lineage was Zewditu part of?	Yngling
On what date did USA-135 launch?	6 July 1997
The disease that Abebe Bikila died of was what?	heart attack
What team does Harry Jönsson play for?	Örebro SK
The date of birth of Miloš Mijić is?	19 March 1991
The publisher that published Fast Food Tycoon is what?	MicroProse
Which company is known as the manufacturer of AIR-2 Genie?	EACA
What series is Kenny Dies from?	Kenny Dies
When is the date of birth of Ian Jazzi?	1947
The film Castle of Blood was directed by who?	Sergio Martino
Where did Thomas R. Kratochwill study or work?	Columbia University
In what place did Benedictus Hubertus Danser die?	Rome
What series is Eagles & Angels from?	Heroes
Over which river does Acosta Bridge cross?	Newtown Creek
Which position was held by Oscar Cantoni?	President of Paraguay
What fictional work does Caroline Alessi exist in?	Home and Away
What is the name of the state where Harbottle is located?	Norfolk
What language is Pirjo written?	Frikaans
What country was Günter Kunert in?	Switzerland
The mother of Sleipnir is whom?	Númend
For which sports team does Ricky Patton play?	New York Giants
What is the iucn conservation status of Chinese sturgeon?	endangered species
What year did Gerhardsen's First Cabinet start?	1943
What label was responsible for Coat of Many Colors?	Atlantic Records
Which family is Humulus a part of?	Hesperiidae
What is the continent that McLean Buttress is located?	ctica
How endangered does the iucn consider Patagonian mara?	vulnerable
What is Stranger Hollow a tributary of?	Elk Run
Which airline hub does Asia Atlantic Airlines operate out of?	Almaty International Airport
What series is the episode Vestigial Peter part of?	Homeland
Who is the director for La Collectionneuse?	Jean-Luc Godard
Which was the nationality of Yvonne Printemps?	English
Which country's citizen was Camillo Pace?	France
What body of water does Stranger Hollow join?	West Branch Briar Creek
What is the name of Fantasy Ride's record label?	Epic Records
At what location did Giuseppe Solenghi die?	Milan
Which was the position that William J. Bichler held?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
The 176 Iduna was discovered by whom?	Christian Heinrich Wilhelm Peters
What is the name of the person who designed .240 Weatherby Magnum?	Weatherby Inc
The distributor of Take Shelter is whom?	Sony Pictures Entertainment
On what moon or planet can Arsia Mons be found?	Moon
Who was the distributor of The Purple Vigilantes?	Republic Records
The date of birth for Peter Bartram is what?	19 June 1884
What is the name of university that educated Francis Babington?	Magdalene Church
The date of birth for Robert B. Talisse is what?	1909
What state is Thorpe-le-Soken located?	Ceredigion
Who created Albert and Edith Adelman House?	Frank Lloyd Webber
What was the station that aired Tis Agapis Maheria?	Mega Channel
What is Force10's parent company?	Fujitsu
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Apoño?	FC Barcelona
Of what series is Death in Silver a part of?	Star Trek: Voyager
When did Telespazio come into being?	2005
On what date did Bernard Claesen Speirdyke die?	15 February 1882
What label was responsible for Out of Ashes?	EMI
What family does Gastrosporium belong?	Gastrosporaceae
What was Herbert Janssen's range?	soprano
Which species has the GPR177 gene?	male
At what location did Christian Wilhelm Franz Walch die?	Türi
What was Myqerem Tafaj's occupation?	cricketer
In which fictional work is Hadoram a character?	Mortal Kombat
Which war did James J. Andrews serve in?	Korean War
What is Dossa Júnior's country of original?	Peru
Which person was the head of government of Austria?	Karl Renzberger
Who fathered Gershon?	Jerusalem
Which soccer league is New York Red Bulls U-23 in?	National Women's Soccer League
What company produced Nimrod NRA/C2?	Aston Martin the Elder
Over what river does Puente de Occidente cross?	Culebra Creek
By whom was The Wild Bunch was directed or edited by?	Lou Reed
Which lady gave birth to Mechtild of Nassau?	Imagina Komnene Doukaina
Which series is The Secret of Annexe 3 a part of?	The Secret of Annexe
What is the endangered status of Lycodon alcalai?	Data Deficient
What state is Milutovac located?	Zagreb
When did Freddie Mack die?	19 July 2015
Which war was Parker F. Dunn a part of?	American Civil War
Of which country is Tunde Juhasz a citizen?	Indonesia
What is the language of Mlle Raucourt?	Danish
What was Andrei Vartic birth country?	Belgium
What year was Assück formed in?	1918
What is the series called that Attack of the Graske belongs to?	Lone Wolf
What type of aquatic unit is HMCS Peterborough?	River-class frigate
Which industry is TVNZ 7 associated with?	television production
What football league is FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk a part of?	Belarusian First League
What was Lalit Thapa birth country?	Sri Lanka
The song The Archaic Abattoir was by whom?	The Divine Comedy
In which war did Ebenezer Dumont serve?	Napoleonic Wars
What was the original network of Mighty Med?	CBC Television
What caused Sarkis Minassian's death?	Armenia
Who acted in Bound on the Wheel?	Diana Dors
What company published NASCAR SimRacing?	Fox Interactive
The artwork The Box of Delights was by who?	Gustave Courbet
The Drums of Autumn is part of a what series?	Outlander trilogy
What is the sex of Celia Castro?	male
What is the name of the publisher of Alien Carnage?	Cinematronics
Who was Dys4ia designed by?	Dys4ia
Which year did Lola Cars end?	1998
The Maqbool is based upon what?	Macbeth
The Pakistan Railways F.C. played home games where?	Railway Arena
In which state is Chany located?	Gmina Działdowo
What is the programming language for GODI?	OCPL
What group was Holmcultram Abbey a member of?	Trinitarian Order
What was the date of Soyuz 32's launch?	25 April 1979
What country did Havell family originate?	Scotland
When was the birth of Ken Greenwood?	1956
What did Uday Kiran die of?	suicide
The nationality of Gerrit Paape was what?	German
What town or city does WSMW serve?	Brandon
What was the name of the discoverer of Oxygen?	Carl Wilhelm Reinmuth
What team is Christian Eyenga associated with?	Connecticut Sun
In what city did Marie de Gournay die?	Toulouse
Which was the country for Second Captains Live?	Canada
Which sports team is Stéphanie Mugneret-Béghé a member of?	1 FC Nürnberg
What was the gender of Liu Ya?	male
What was the title that Willem Anne Assueer Jacob Schimmelpenninck van der Oye held?	prince of Murnau
Which place does Don't Touch the White Woman! exist in?	New Jersey
The The Rehearsal Dinner is part of a what series?	Seinfeld
Which channel broadcast Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!?	Family Channel
In which language is Vasiona made in?	Slovenian
By whom was Dallas Buyers Club was directed or edited by?	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
On what chromosome is KIAA0922 found?	human
In which state is Postua located?	Province of Como
What year did Nahkampfkanone 1 come into use?	1949
What continent contains Windscoop Nunataks?	North America
What country was Juan Nicasio from?	Mexico
What type of voice does Benedikt Schack have?	soprano
What team uses Oshakati Independence Stadium?	Oshakati City Islanders
In what living being can CIITA be found?	male
Which position was held by Stewart Stevenson?	Premier of Nova Scotia
What nationality was Richer of Senones?	German
What was the name of the director for La Commune (Paris, 1871)?	Georges Méliès
What is the name of the constellation where Messier 10 belongs?	Auriga
What is the name of the state where Camiliören is located?	Gmina Sączna
What state is Thoa Mehram Khan located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
What was the noble family that Elizabeth Woodville was from?	Solomonic dynasty
What kind of family is Calenia of?	Geometridae
When was the Omega Centauri discovered?	1616
Who released Women in the Wind?	Paramount Pictures
What cast members where in The Singing Outlaw?	John Wayne
The mother of Mildburh is whom?	Mildburh I
What was the native language of Balijepalli Lakshmikantam?	Malayalam
Which is the distributor of False Ambition?	Triangle Film Company
The work Musica ricercata was created for playing on which instrument(s)?	ricercata
Who made the discovery of 236 Honoria?	Joel Hastings Metcalf
Which is the body of water by Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne?	Tuolumne Reservoir
What was the launch date of USA-47?	21 August 1989
What body of water does Rough Run join?	Catawissa River
Who was the publisher of Fox Sports College Hoops '99?	Fox Sports Interactive
In what year was AGSB University founded?	1992
What team does Rod Dallman belong to?	New Jersey Devils
Of what country is Welton Irie a citizen?	Belgium
Whom is Wallace Line named after?	Alfred W Wallace
What was Meir Eisenstaedter's career?	conductor
Which was the constellation for HD 16417 b?	Grus
Player Christian Chartier plays for what team?	SV Mattersburg
What was the production company for Fighting Odds?	Goldcrest Pictures
What is the name of Morten Helveg Petersen father?	Helveg Petersen
Which family is Cybalomiinae a part of?	Crambidae
Which soccer league is Piñeros de Loma Bonita in?	Segunda División de México
What vessel type is USS Bryant?	Gato-class submarine
The publisher that published Third Girl is what?	Sega
Whom is Grignard reaction named after?	Georges Grignard
Who has acted in the film A Romance of Old Baghdad?	Gloria Swanson
What team is Giulio Toniolatti affiliated with?	Cagliari Calcio
Which constellation is NGC 6756 in?	Andromeda
In what language is Koakuma Ageha?	Yiddish
In what capacity did Felipe Moreira play football?	forward
What family does Megalodacne belong?	Geometridae
What was the title that Ecaterina Cercheza held?	Grand Duchess of Parma
Which show is David Wicks in?	Glee
The Wuthering Heights has what character?	Jules Berry
What year was Andromeda II discovered?	August 2003
What town is WGEV liscensed in?	East Lansing
Whose performance is Shout and Deliver?	The Who
What role does Jordi Codina play in football?	goaltender
Who directed the film Women of the World?	Gérard Depardieu
The Hawker Hurricane was produced by whom?	Hawker Helicopter
The nationality of Charles Duchaussois was what?	English
What was Abdullah Mousa's city of birth?	Baku
In what living being can FCAR be found?	male
What programming language was used to write Celtix?	C++
What caused Temple Grandin's death?	autinson's disease
Which sports team is Tomáš Hanzel a member of?	1 FC Slovácko
What is the university where Catherine Webb went?	University of Oxford
What is the place of birth of Hamma Hammami?	Tunis
Which director worked on the film Katzelmacher?	Fritz Gosslau
For what crime was Edme Castaing prosecuted?	crime against humanity
What time was 2997 Cabrera found?	17 November 1974
What is Peter Koslowski's place of employment?	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
What series is Advanced Advanced Dungeons & Dragons a part of?	College of William and Mary
What was the name of the father of Ornytion?	Dagobert
What was the name of the city or state where Birth of Joy was formed?	Cape Town
What is the product made by Panel Mine?	boron
Who is Michelle Yim's sister?	Empress Yim
What studio produced Palattu Koman?	PVR Pictures
What year was Panzer II commissioned?	1943
What is the name of the director of Eve and the Handyman?	Aleksi Randell
Which was the manufacturer of .30 Remington?	Remington Manufacturing
The continent that Kirwan Escarpment is on is what?	Africa
To which fictional work does Stone Table belong in?	Historia Regum Britanniae
The genus Eurymerus is a part of what family?	Eurymeridae
Which ailment caused the death of Simón Bolívar?	colorectal cancer
What was Karel Strakatý's range?	soprano
What year did Olimpija Rīga end?	1998
In what year was Vaughan Mills founded?	1926
Which programming language is YARP written in?	Ruby
The date of death for May Wright Sewall is what?	1961
In what year did Patanjali Ayurved first exist?	1991
Where did Bakdi Soemanto live when he died?	Kiev
What is the name of Sibel Nohut's position?	goaltender
In which state is Kakin located?	Kuhsangi District
Who is the designer of Frak!?	Nick O'Donnell
Which constellation is NGC 39 a part of?	Cassiopeia
The birth date of Liana Orfei is what?	20 January 1977
In which war did Field Eugene Kindley participate?	Spanish-- American War
What company made The Battle of Hearts?	Fox Star Studios
What was the cause of death of Alfred Orda?	lung cancer
Which country's citizenship does João de Oliveira Matos Ferreira hold?	Lisbon
What voice type does Benoît Haller have?	baritone
What studio produced She Done Him Wrong?	Paramount Records
Who developed .270 Winchester?	Winchester Repeating Arms Corporation
What nationality was Henri-Pierre Roché?	German
In what city or state did the formation of Hästpojken occur?	Oslo
Which is the manufacturer of Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II?	General Dynamics
For which sports team does Udo Horsmann play?	FC Thun
Which constellation is HD 142415 a part of?	Corvus
The college Ray Lyman Wilbur attended was what?	University of Georgia
What was Sebastián de Vivanco's career?	painter
What was the launch date of Progress M-8?	27 August 1991
Which instrument(s) was Trois morceaux dans le genre pathétique created for?	goaltender
What is the name of university that educated Danilo Palomer Santiago?	National Autonomous University of Philippines
Who released Invisible City?	National Syndicate of Film Journalists
In which year Royal Lao Armed Forces ceased to exist?	1995
What date did Sidney Painter die?	1949
At what location did José Enrique Varela die?	Toledo
Which company is the parent company of PlusGirot?	Norilsk Nickel
What constellation is where 14 Herculis is?	Hegasus
The nationality of Eugène Mouton is?	Spanish
What was the year Patriotic Movement of Côte d'Ivoire was formed in?	1994
What was the launch date of Progress M-5?	27 January 1990
What company published MagnaCarta 2?	Eidos Interactive
Which airport does Midwest Airlines operate in?	General Mitchell International Center
Where did Naftali Tishby study or work?	Tel Aviv University
Who was the male parent of Gertrude of Aldenberg?	Louis II, Landgrave of Thuringia
What is the endangered status of Emei Shan liocichla?	Data Deficient
What network does Real Sex air on?	Playboy TV
Of which country is Nirmalamma a citizen?	Sri Lanka
Which was the production company for The Deadlier Sex?	Roadside Attractions
What noble family was Shahrbaraz part of?	Shahrbaraz Dynasty
What was Nahum Trebitsch's city of birth?	Prague
Where do Fênix 2005 Futebol Clube play their home games?	Estádio ADC Parahyba
Which college or university is related with Louis Kasekende?	University of Washington
In which war did Hugh Rodman participate?	World War I
The nationality of Paul Symphor was what?	German
What product does Gaths Mine make?	uranium
The genus Radiococcus is a part of what family?	Radiococcaceae
What business published Eco Fighters?	Nintendo
When did Curves International come into being?	1991
Which was the record label for The Rhythm and the Blues?	Blue Note Records
The distributor of The Purple Vigilantes is whom?	Republic Records
What is the programming language for GNU MPFR?	Python
Which corporation created Remington Model 572 Fieldmaster?	John Browning
Which was the voice type that Robyn had?	mezzo-oprano
What city is the band Lansing-Dreiden from?	Manchester
In which continent is Tuvalu located?	Finland
In which year was Kingdom of Bamum formed?	1890
What was the director's name of Eat Sleep Die?	Gabriele Pissarro
Who was responsible for directing Gods of the Plague?	Rafael Moneo
In which language Forza Milan! monthly football magazine reporting?	Milanese
What year was T-35 commissioned?	1941
The country of origin for Fearless Tiger is what?	New Zealand
In what language is Codex Vercellensis?	Coptics
Who id the director for Searchers 2.0?	John G Robinson
On what date did Home Rule Crisis take place?	1919
At what location did Ludwig Marcuse die?	Munich
What company built Senseo?	Philips Lighting
What is the name university that educated Armand Zildjian?	University of Michigan
Who distributed Slaughter Trail?	RKO Records
What is the programming language for Panda3D?	Panda
What country did Pierre Talmont come from?	Belgium
Which series is Devil's Trap apart of?	NCIS
Which country does Sasan Ansari belong to?	Pakistan
What piece of fiction does Ruth Fowler appear in?	Passions
What company published The Lofty and the Lowly, or Good in All and None All Good?	Hodder and Stoughton
What material was used for Pitti Tondo?	marzipan
What was Zacharias Janssen's city of birth?	Gouda
What league does Los Angeles Lakers participate in?	National Hockey League
What is Angela Alupei's birthplace?	Puerto Rico
In which year was the service entry date for MG 13?	1915
In the film Pähkähullu Suomi, who was the star?	Kätiänen
What city was Black Sabbath formed in?	Istanbul
What city did Miho Klaić live when he died?	Koper
The birth date of Raymond Blackburn is what?	15 September 1884
What is the vocal range for Elizabeth Fretwell?	contralto
The appearance of Annie Wilkes is seen in what work?	EastEnders
What state is Esposende located?	Province of Como
Who was the designor of Baseball Mogul?	Clay Drescher
What is the name of the editors of Great Soviet Encyclopedia?	Dmitry Chechulin
In what war was Denys Whitehorn Reid in?	American Civil War
Which species has the Reprimo gene?	male
Who is the designer of ARM11?	Israel Military Industries
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book My Friend Rabbit?	Eric Carle
Is Charmaine Reid a male or female?	male
Which network is The Comment Section available on?	Eden
In what living being can RCC1 be found?	male
The Davy lamp was discovered by whom?	Hermann Davy
What is the date of birth for Yakup Bugun?	1962
What type of voice does Isabelle Urquhart have?	mezzo soprano
What team does Duncan Keith belong to?	Chicago Hawks
Where does Futebol Clube Primeira Camisa play its game?	Estão ADC Parahyba
Which historic war did No. 94 Squadron RAF participate?	Vietnam War
What nationality of Noël Mamère?	German
What country did Choripán originate?	Chile
Who was the publisher of Mega Man Battle Network 5?	Nintendo
When was Borotbists abolished?	1927
On what date did Colm de Bhailís die?	1815
Who developed Braquo?	Andrea Mantegna
Which was the position that Kelly M. Burke held?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Who is the designer of James Clavell's Shōgun?	Dave McKean
What year is Stormartillerivagn m/43 associated with?	1942
What team is Aaron Hardy affiliated with?	Pittsburgh Steelers
What nationality was Candice Parise?	German
Who published Import Tuner Challenge?	Midway Games
What was the year of inception of Math the Band?	2004
Over what river does Shippingport Bridge cross?	Mississippi River
What year was the end of East Florida?	1816
What nationality of Pom Klementieff?	Russian
What studio produced Meet the Parents?	Pixar
The song or album I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You came from which artiste?	The Rolling Stones
Which place does House of 1000 Corpses exist in?	California
What is the name of Ernest Nungaray's team?	Worcester Warriors
In what home venue does Poços de Caldas Futebol Clube play?	Ronaldão-Petersen
The person that is the mother of Désirée Clary is who?	Françoise Agnès LeRoy
What year did Volkswagen Polo start?	1943
In what city did Jean Louis Conneau die?	Paris
The show My Friend Rabbit originally aired on what network?	Disney Channel
What is the full date that 36th Venice International Film Festival crashed on?	1972
What nationality was Maurice Bardèche?	German
What nationality was Jean Vatout?	German
Which musical instrument is connected with For Children?	violin
Who was Citizen Kane directed or edited by?	Daniel Mandell
Who created Marvin & Chardonnay?	Marvin Gaye
When is the date of birth of Washington Lloréns?	1902
What voice type does Helge Rosvaenge have?	bass
What was the launch date of Luna E-1 No.2?	11 September 1958
Which was the official year for the approval of R-77?	1991
Which place is Dear Frankie in?	New Zealand
The mother of Kirstine Fiil is whom?	Grigori Fiil
What is the native language of Folco de Baroncelli-Javon?	Spanish
In which year the first version of Collective Eye Films is released?	1995
What artist was responsible for the creation of Bust of Cardinal Giovanni Dolfin?	Raphael
What cast members where in The Song of the Sun?	Gustav Fröbe
When does the 843 Nicolaia discovered?	30 August 1916
What is the name of the city Fedele Fenaroli was born in?	Brescia
On what date did Happy Days end?	1962
What year did Extremaduran Popular Bloc end?	1990
Who is the performer of Wonder Could I Live There Anymore?	Barry Humphries
Which city was the birthplace of Bráulio Mantovani?	São Paulo
Who released Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!) album?	Lil' Man
What is the name of the company which distributed The Captain Hates the Sea?	Columbia Records
Where was Dennis Schulp from?	Sweden
What is the sex or gender of Kyneburga, Kyneswide and Tibba?	male
What date did Henry Francis Cary die?	1926
What is the name university that educated Joseph M. Hellerstein?	Cornell University
What is the programming language for JUnit?	C++
Which river system contains Nerang River?	Sydney Harbour
Where was Daniel Strož born in?	Žębice
What is the publisher of Jetpac Refuelled?	Jetpac Entertainment
In what living being can TBX22 be found?	Mars
What constellation does NGC 6027a belong to?	Cygnus
Which team does Travis Zajac play for?	New York Islanders
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Roark (FF-1053)?	Knox-class fruder
What year did Tyrrell 003 start?	1972
Which state is Bezvan located?	Golestan Province
What is the gender of Nuray Deliktaş?	midfielder
Which country's citizenship does Randall Arauz hold?	Argentina
What day was USA-183 launched?	26 October 2005
In which year was the service entry date for T-40?	1933
Which college or university is related with John Edward King?	University of Edinburgh
What series is Credit Where Credit's Due from?	The Simpsons
Why did Carl Oglesby die?	heart attack
What was Christel Wegner's occupation?	writer
What is the national identity of Clotilde Mollet?	German
The gender of Jorma Räty is what?	male
Which was the family of Boyeria?	Geometridae
The star/galaxy NGC 5101 is in what constellation?	Canis Minor
What type of tone does Gloria Davy sing in?	mezzo soprano
On what date did Soyuz 7K-L1 No.5L launch?	27 September 1967
Which airport does Aero Continente Dominicana operate in?	Las Américas Airport
What was the date of Torsten Tegnér's death?	19 January 2015
What year was it when Suère was dissolved?	1902
The Maigret and the Hotel Majestic has what character?	Norman Maigret
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:TM?	International Organization for Standardize
What medical condition does Abraham Klausner have?	stroke
What is year of inception of Hyperium Records?	1988
Which year witnessed the formation of NOZA, Inc.?	1995
What programming language was used to write Travian?	Java
What is the birthplace of Neha Devi Singh?	Kolkata
What was Eusebio Bardají y Azara's career?	poet
Who was the male parent of Alina Fernández?	Alfonso Fernández
What was the date of Sonja Mjøen's death?	16 August 2010
Which language is Yachting World written in?	Dutch
The distributor of RPG Metanoia is whom?	Star Film Company
With which fictional universe is the character Leland McCauley associated?	Marvel Universe
Which was the official year for the approval of BMD-1?	1987
By which company, Soo Line L-1 class has been manufactured?	American Locomotive Association
Which continent is Huhla Col on?	Europe
What production company was involved in Marvel Cinematic Universe?	Marvel Universe
What is the football position of Micah Hilton?	defenceman
What position did Marcel Stutter have on the rugby field?	defender
With which fictional universe is the character Eric Koenig associated?	Stargate
What city is KTUX located?	Carthage
In which state is Rahvard located?	Pishkuh Rural District
In what year did St. Georges Technical High School first exist?	1999
What label was responsible for The Chordettes Sing Your Requests?	United Artists Records
What country did Aamulehti originate?	Hawaii
Which was the country for Miguelitos?	Paraguay
Which position was held by Elin Jones?	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
What was the name of Andi Muhammad Guntur's team?	Persija Jakarta
What is the name of Desert Call's record label?	Columbia Records
Which corporation was HMS Spur created by?	Armstrong Whitworth
What date is associated with Golaghat massacre?	14 May 1971
Which place does 15 Park Avenue exist in?	Cape Town
Which was the constellation for HD 9446 c?	446
On what continent can Clark Peninsula be found?	North America
The date of birth of Pierre Djibril Coulibaly is?	19 March 1894
Which was the family of Macapta?	Tineidae
Which place does Losers' Club exist in?	New Jersey
Where do Gaziantepspor play?	Gaziantep Kamil Ocak Arena
Which was the official year for the approval of M79 grenade launcher?	1861
Which continent is Verdikal Gap in?	Africa
What nationality is Joseph Martin-Dauch?	Danish
What studio produced Teheran 43?	Mosby Studios
What status on the endangered list is Argentine swamp rat?	endangered species
What architect designed 330 North Wabash?	Ludwig von Mises Institute
Who is Li Chongmei's father?	Li Maozhen
On what date did Prussian National Assembly end?	19 November 1848
What type of instrument is used to play Islamey?	violin
Which industry is ASTech associated with?	aerospace industry
What city did Félix Sellier live when he died?	Toulouse
What company published Black Wings Has My Angel?	Doubleday
What series is Crazy Handful of Nothin' in?	How I Met Your Mother
When was Enterproid created?	2001
What business published RPG Maker 2000?	THQ
What is the continent that Malin Valley is located?	South America
The genus Shimonia is a part of what family?	Noctuidae
What was the year of inception of WJGO?	1991
What kind of family is Plusidia of?	Tephritidae
The date of death for Credan is what?	1210
What artist was responsible for the creation of Mona Lisa?	Vincent van Gogh
What is the place of birth of Ross MacDonald?	Toronto
What date did Wacław Zagórski die?	1927
What city was Lai Ka Fai born in?	Singapore
Which series is The Scarlet Ruse apart of?	The Avengers
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Forrest Royal (DD-872)?	Gato-class destroyer
What type of instrument is used to play Yellow River Piano Concerto?	Yellow River Piano
In which year was Arlington Arts Center incepted?	2002
Which gender does Orla Fitzsimons belong to?	male
Who are the stars of the film Sila Nerangalil?	Murali
What city is CKKS-FM located?	Saguenay
Which league did Kohima Komets join with?	Nagaland Premier Soccer League
What is the native tongue of André Philip?	German
Who was the mother of Giacomo I Crispo?	Caterina I Sanudo, Lady of Milos
What is the name of the company which distributed The Sky Hawk?	Republic Pictures
What year did Christoph Rudolff die in?	15 March 1882
What position did José Moré Bonet play?	forward
What is the name of Franz Ries father?	Friedrich Ries
What constellation is Rho Aquilae part of?	Delphinus
What town or city does CJGY-FM serve?	Rimouski
What year was it when Zollverein was dissolved?	1939
What river does Iron Cove Creek form a part of?	Parramatta Reservoir
What studio released Blacula?	Umbrella Entertainment
Which country's citizen was Yaakov Ariel?	Yemen
What country did Daytime Drinking originate?	Singapore
What was the name of the discoverer of 686 Gersuind?	August Kopff the Elder
What is the country Bajirao Mastani is from?	Maharashtra
Which describes the sex or gender of Ed Stewart?	baritone
Who was the original discoverer of 529 Preziosa?	Robert Luther
Which is the date of death for Gregorio Vardanega?	1929
What company makes TorqueFlite?	Chevrolet
What is the position of Giulio Alberoni?	archbishop
Which is the basis of Surviving Progress?	The Progress of the Progress
What is the city of birth of Jacques Basnage?	Lyon
What is the position of Pasquale Cicogna?	bishop
Which position was held by Moshe Sharett?	Minister of Health
Who discovered 258 Tyche?	August Kopff
The architect of Morgans Hotel was whom?	Patrick J Thomas
What city is WYDK located?	Eurysm
The country for VideoKids was what?	Philippines
Who designed the Isokon Long Chair?	Marcello Gandini
What year was the service entry date for Type 90 Ship-to-Ship Missile?	1994
What city was Rosa Valetti born in?	Brescia
Which constellation is HD 156668 a part of?	Eridanus
What is the native language of Nicola Boem?	Spanish
What is the native tongue of Maxime Godart?	German
What label was responsible for Al Cohn's America?	Atlantic Records
What is the name of the state where Teylers Museum is located?	Hamburg
Which is the stadium of BK Häcken?	Rambergen Stadion
What was Leonora Speyer's career?	singer
Who are the stars of the film Virtue Is Its Own Reward?	Vittorio De Sica
Where is Arecibo Catena found?	Titan
Which was the nationality of Jessica Durlacher?	English
What was the designer of Torre Picasso's name?	Michelangelo
The publisher that published Dynamite Dan is what?	Sega
What is the name of American Goldwing's record label?	Columbia Records
Which is the original network of Power Lunch Europe?	BBC One
Which state is Oenpelli Airport located?	New York
What is the gender Ashleigh Baxter is associated with?	male
Of which constellation is NGC 30 a part?	Dorado
Which was the position that Marais Viljoen held?	bishop
In what city did John Evangelist Stadler die?	Berlin
What instrument was Great Fantasia and Fugue in G minor, BWV 542 written for?	harpsichord
What is the native language of Yann Queffélec?	German
What series is Mrs. Donaghy from?	The Office
What country did Colin Craig come from?	Australia
Which family does Lafoensia belong to?	Geometridae
What was Efua Dorkenoo's gender?	male
Which country was Ibrahima N'Diaye in?	Cameroon
In what fictional work would you find a character named Saul Bennett?	Home Movies
What is the birth date of Daniel Ciofani?	21 December 1986
In which fictional work is Goldie and Wendy a character?	Babylon 5
What is the cause of death of Teresa Wright?	accident
At what location did Eduard Zimmermann die?	Munich
When was the birth of Valentin Ioviță?	20 January 1987
What was the name of the architect who worked on Vaux-le-Vicomte?	Victor Laloux
Who is the designer of Gears of War 3?	Gears of War 3
Who is the paternal progenitor of Pixodarus?	Cecrops I
Which place does Ip Man 3 exist in?	Hong Angeles
What is the name university that educated Marilyn Tremaine?	University of California, Berkeley
What show is Mercedes Jones from?	Drones Club
Which airport is most closely associated with Eastern SkyJets?	Port Columbus International Airport
What continent can you find Gurev Gap?	Africa
What river does Bennys Run connect to?	West Branch Fishing Creek
Which state is Jarmulowsky Bank Building located?	Manhattan
When was Lewanika born?	20 April 1884
Which designer was responsible for Biddlestone Chapel?	William Burges
Which sports team is Sarah Groenewald a member of?	Borussia Dortmund
What product does Mediaset España Comunicación make?	telegames
In what year did MP 3008 enter service?	1944
The year that Portrait of a Woman Standing (Kassel) was created was?	1616
What city is the band Fingathing from?	Liverpool
What is the endangered status of Rhacophorus yinggelingensis?	critically endangered
What material was used for Le ruisseau noir?	marble
What town is WRMC-FM liscensed in?	Middleton
What is the vocal range for Margaret Jane Wray?	mezzo-oprano
What was the cause of death for Charley Chase?	heart failure
What year was it when Red Army was dissolved?	1921
Which corporation was German submarine U-336 created by?	336-class submarine
Which industry is Lawrence & Foulks associated with?	architecture
Who was the performer of Can't Break It to My Heart?	Barry Humphries
What position did Todor Barzov play?	goaltender
What continent is Fuerza Aérea Glacier found on?	Antar
Who desigened 7mm Remington Ultra Magnum?	Remington Records
What town is WEFT liscensed in?	Miami Beach
Which was the family of Ceropalinae?	Cerambycidae
Who was the discoverer of 242 Kriemhild?	Johann Heinrich Friedrich Peters
The person that is the mother of Húrin is who?	Medea
What war was Tibor Tobak in?	Spanish Civil War
In what city did Philip Bourneuf die?	Toledo
What is the position John Tyma plays in football?	winger
What state is Wytyczno located?	Gmina Wielkie
What is the name of the airport associated with Aladia Airlines?	Monongahela International Airport
What voice type is Khori Dastoor?	tenor
Where did Affonso Eduardo Reidy live when he died?	Puebla
When was Residenzgalerie opened?	1921
Which was the position that Michelle G. Schneider held?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
What is the position of Alfonso Carafa?	President of Bolivia
The distributor of Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai was whom?	Yash Raj Entertainment
What type of tone does Vinson Cole sing in?	bass
Which team does Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for?	MilwaukeeMilwaukee
What was Jon Hassall's occupation?	rugby league player
What is the product made by Stanrock Mine?	gold
What is the final year of REO Motor Car Company?	1977
Which species has the KLRB1 gene?	species
What was Carle Vernet's career?	poet
Where did Antonietta Dell'Era live when he died?	Paris
What family does Pseudocrates belong?	Pseudocarpaceae
What position was played by Max Prieto?	goaltender
The person that is the mother of May-day is who?	Rubén Blades
What species is SUB1 specific to?	male
What fictional universe is Tom Bombadil a part of?	Forgotten Realms
The song A Million Love Songs was by whom?	The Rolling Stones
To which country does António Campos belong as its citizen?	Spain
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Stadio San Nicola?	Doge of Venice
What city was Baby Guru formed in?	Manchester
Where did Alexander Wheelock Thayer live when he died?	Boulder
Who was Menexenus's mother?	Doris
What family lineage was Heungseon Daewongun part of?	Daewongun family
Which ailment caused the death of Marshall Thompson?	heart failure
What celestial body can Fuchi Patera be found on?	Iapetus
What kind of  occupation does Vincent du Vigneaud have?	screenwriter
What nationality is Hwang Sun-mi?	Kinnish
Over what river does Simon Kenton Memorial Bridge cross?	Connecticut River
What is the name of the fictional universe that House Vernius is from?	Dorado universe
The team FC Gold Pride is a member of which sports league?	Pioneer Soccer League
What company manufactures German submarine U-843?	Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenau
Which lady gave birth to Karigaila?	Uliana of Lithuania
Which city was the birthplace of Severinus of Saxony?	Rome
In which country did Wellington Monteiro live?	Portugal
What is the birth place of  Simon Estes?	Cape Town
The nationality of Micheline Francey was what?	Spanish
Which was the voice type that Katia Ricciarelli had?	mezzo-srano
What was the year Levavasseur project entered service?	1891
What is Louis-Marie Prudhomme's country of citizenship?	Switzerland
Which sports team is Luigi Fioravanti playing for?	Brescia Calcio
What is the name of the constellation which NGC 115 belongs?	Cetus
What is the constellation that is made with HD 180555?	Pavo
What is the name of the person who designed W88?	Los Angeles Police Department
Which conflict was Ferdinand Louis Reichmuth a part of?	Battle of the North Cape
What type of tone does Simona Houda-Šaturová sing in?	mezzo-oprano
Where did Osman Pazvantoğlu live when he died?	Tbilisi
What is the name of the instrument Pohádka was composed for?	violin
What is the surface of Goat cheese made of?	goat's cheese
The voice type of Michéal Castaldo is what?	soprano
What is the programming language for Dada Mail?	PHP
Which fictional universe is Amanda Sefton from?	DC Universe
What voice type is Gianna Rolandi?	contralto
The star NGC 6871 is part of what constellation?	Sagittarius
Which was the gender of Andrea Blas?	
Which industry is Peñoles associated with?	mining
What is the name of Csaba Szórád's team?	Győri ETO FC
Which network is NerdTV available on?	TechTV
Which programming language is JMule written in?	JavaScript
What is the fictional universe that Jack Hawksmoor belong to?	DC Universe
What is the birthplace of Gabriela Vergara?	Santiago
What team is Pontsho Moloi associated with?	Cleveland Browns
What position was played by Brian Caine?	winger
The film Puteri Impian was directed by who?	P Venu
What company produced That's Dancing!?	Metro Pictures
Who desigened RG Outrider?	AB Landsverk
Which year did Nordwolle end?	1945
What year did Mowinckel's Second Cabinet start?	1933
What species is RAVER1 specific to?	male
What was Barclay Fox's medical condition near the end of his life?	tuber disease
Which position was held by Thomas Thynne, 1st Marquess of Bath?	Archbishop of York
What was Peter Mattei's range?	countertenor
What college did Camille Fronk Olson go to?	Columbia University
Who is in Radha My Darling as a cast member?	Mammootty
What year was Volvo B12M commissioned?	2005
What country is David Mustard from?	United Kingdom
What is the home stadium of Indiana Fever?	The Home Depot Center
What city did Dolores Guadalupe García Escamilla live when he died?	San José
Which family does Trachydrillia belong to?	Noctuidae
To which country does Dario Marinović belong as its citizen?	Croatia
What continent can you find Godech Nunatak?	South America
Which species has the Calitoxin gene?	Calliactisaurus
The country of origin for Mr. Arkadin is what?	France
What is the date of Bert Tremlin's death?	17 September 2012
What is the name of the publisher of Supreme Ruler 2020?	Ruler Interactive
Which position was held by Goffredo da Alatri?	bishop
What is the cause of death of Frances Horwich?	pneumonia
Which year did German Faith Movement end?	1948
What was Sandra Jessen specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defender
What type of tone does Norman Allin sing in?	tenor
What type of tone does Andrei Bondarenko sing in?	countertenor
What was Marcus Astvald's position?	defenceman
When was the launch date of USA-151?	16 August 2000
What conflict involved Anastasios Papoulas?	Greco-Turkish War
Who was the publisher of The Journal of Social Psychology?	Wiley-VCH
Which airport does Eastern Air Lines operate in?	Charlotte/Douglas Airport
On what celestial body is Budh Planitia located?	Enceladus
What award was Breaking Bad nominated for?	TCA
When was the birth of Zhao Hejing?	1962
What language is Valstybė written in?	Estonian
What is the fictional universe that has Huor?	Forgotten Realms
At what airport can you find Hi Fly Malta?	Malta City Airport
What is Maciej Stachowiak's place of employment?	University of Michigan
What person illustrated Time of Wonder?	Howard Wandrei
What nationality is Nora Arnezeder?	English
Which architect was responsible for Ladd Observatory?	Stone, Carpenter & Willingham
When was the birth of Grégory Tadé?	20 March 1986
What material was used for Village Fête?	sandstone
In the film Please Help Emily, who was the star?	Pauline Frederick
The star BD +20°307 is a part of the constellation named what?	Pictor
What town or city does WMXO serve?	Marinette
Which player position has been assigned to Fabrizio Lasagna?	defender
Who developed Lestat de Lioncourt?	Henri Matisse
Which was the country for Mr. Men?	France
Which soccer league is AFL Grand Final in?	Australian Football Championship
Which continent is Mount Verhage located?	North America
What is the position of Merneferre Ay?	bishop
What is the sex or gender of Charlotte Barras?	soprano
Who is the USS Hepburn (FF-1055) named after?	William Japy Hepburn
What nationality of Françoise Lépine?	Spanish
What is the name of the publisher of Compu-Math series?	Namco
What football league is FC Waidhofen/Ybbs a part of?	Austrian Regional League Central
On what planet is Protonilus Mensae on?	Moon
What is the birthplace of Senesino?	Pescara
What was Giuseppe Pietri's occupation?	composer
Which was the position that Merneferre Ay held?	Prime Minister of Lebanon
Which performer released How We Do (Party) as it's album?	Kenny Dorham
The nationality of Henri Laudier was what?	English
Which crime led to the conviction of Celeste Beard?	capital murder
In what city was Liu Hongyu born?	Shanghai
The country for Come Drink with Me was what?	New Zealand
Which architect was responsible for Gramercy Park Hotel?	Frank Lloyd Wright
What is Horacio de la Costa's place of employment?	Yale University
Was Sarah Schechter male or female?	male
What country did Gordon Cheers come from?	Australia
The continent of Mount Flånuten is what?	Europe
What is Israel Vázquez's country of original?	Cuba
What is the constellation that is made with NGC 5866 Group?	Libra
What company released Drag Harlan?	Fox Broadcasting Corporation
To which performer does the album Lil' Beethoven belong?	R Kelly
What family lineage was Emperor Xian of Han part of?	Han Empire
How did Ruby Hunter die?	prostate cancer
The father of Garibald was who?	Archibald I of Benevento
From what did Sean Wight die?	leukemia
What noble family was Prince Victor of Thurn and Taxis part of?	Thurn and Taxis family
Which is the designer of ARM Cortex-A7?	ARM Technology
What vessel type is USS Charlottesville (PF-25)?	Tacoma-class destroyer
What is the language José María is written in?	Galician
What is the country Życie is from?	Wales
What team is Din Sula affiliated with?	Sporting Cristal
Who is the director of When the Raven Flies?	Harmony Korine
What is Magdalena Środa's place of employment?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
What gender is Rebecka Törnqvist?	male
Who was Bull Lea's paternal figure?	Big Lea
What type of tone does Guillemette Laurens sing in?	mezzo soprano
What town or city does WBAA serve?	Lafayette
What is the position of Jeronim Mileta?	Prime Minister of Lithuania
The mother of Sigurd Wallin is whom?	Curd Jürgens
What is the name of the fictional universe that War of Wrath is from?	Star Wars universe
Which is the designer of Mortal Kombat II?	Ed Fries
What position does Revson Cordeiro dos Santos play on the field?	forward
What is the name of the city Elton Aparecido de Souza was born in?	Madrid
The architect of Daeyang Gallery and House is whom?	Steven Holl-Taylor
Who made MS Wanganella?	Wärtsilä
Who directed the film Anari?	Anurag Kashyap
The team Metropolitanos is a member of which sports league?	Cuban Revolution
What country was Victor Mella from?	Sweden
Which war did Friedrich Manschott participate in?	Napoleonic Wars
What is the vocal range for Dina Barberini?	mezzo soprano
Which performer released the album Crowns Down?	Razor & Tie
What was Mark Berman's career?	actor
What year was BTR-D introduced?	13 December 1986
On what date did Los hombres de Paco end?	1952
What is the native language of Gustave Kahn?	German
Who developed Sebastian Moran?	James Moran
In which war did Charles Gossage Grey participate?	Spanish-- American War
In which war did José Siurob participate?	Peninsular War
What position is played by Marko Spasojević?	defender
Which ethnic group does Georges de Bièvre belong?	Spanish
What city is Radio Oranje located?	São Francisco
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Bowling Green Ballpark?	DLR Corporation
What was the cause of death for Blind Willie Walker?	blindness
In which conflict did Roderick Sinclair, 19th Earl of Caithness participate?	Second Boer War
Who is the designer of BR Standard Class 8?	Robert F Hill
Which gender is Catriona Forrest?	
Which channel broadcast Live-In?	ITV
What type of tone does Ulrich Cordes sing in?	bass
Player Anthony Frederick played for which team?	Atlanta Hawks
What noble title does Vainius hold?	Earl of Saxony
Which person was the head of government of Collioure?	Michel Fousseret
What is the ending year of International Marxist Group?	1979
What company made Pirates of the High Seas?	Columbia Lawrie
Which college or university is related with Ernest Higa?	University of Michigan
What was Muwahid Sesay's team?	Granada CF
What is the name of the director of Dallas Buyers Club?	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
For what crime was Robert Edward Chambliss prosecuted?	blasphemy
Which crime Elizabeth Potts is considered to have commited?	capital murder
What city did Albert Nicholas live when he died?	London
In which conflict did Thomas R. St. George participate?	Korean War
What is Hubert Bland's spouse's name?	John Scott
Whom is Dushanbe named after?	Dushanbe
What type of aquatic unit is USS Hunt (DD-194)?	Fletcher-class destroyer
Which was the manufacturer of Ruger Red Label?	Sturm Ruger
Who is Shayne Lamas's father?	Lane Lamas
When was Rick Prelinger born?	1958
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Tarik Glenn?	Toronto Maple Leafs
What type of universe is Groot a fictional character in?	DC Universe
Which programming language is Apache Struts 1 written in?	C++
Which was the manufacturer of Mini Moke?	General Motors
What year was the service entry date for BMP-3?	1966
What was the year of inception of Gulfstream International Airlines?	1999
In what place did George Tosh die?	Taunton
Which network does L.A. Law appear on?	VH1
Who created African Meeting House?	Asher Benjamin the Elder
Who was the designer of Villa Caldogno?	Andrea Mantegna
What location hosts Vasco Esporte Clube's home games?	Estádio da Graça
In what city was Nicholas Addlery born?	London
By whom was The Sea Inside was directed or edited by?	Aleksi Mäkelä
What is the final year of Viipuri Province?	1966
Which digital media publicised Aliens versus Predator 2?	Fox Fox
What is the native language of Vahé Katcha?	Albanian
Which was the record label for So Beautiful or So What?	Atlantic Records
What nationality is Agnès Clancier?	German
The The Fall of the Titans was made by whom?	Edward Burne-Jones
What is the operating system used with Shiira?	Microsoft Mobile
The movie Sex & Philosophy is by whom?	Mohamed Nasheed
The architect of Troitskaya Tower is whom?	Konstantin Melnikov
When was the opening of Arena Plaza?	2009
The genus Cladopelma is a part of what family?	Crambidae
What is the endangered status of Shelley's crimsonwing?	vast concern
When does the Fornax Dwarf discovered?	1838
The continent of Lake Thomas is what?	Europe
In what war did Walter Böning fight?	Spanish Civil War
What is the city of birth of Jane Bowles?	Worcester
Which was the family of Nymphes?	Crambidae
Which production company is involved with Wife, Husband and Friend?	Columbia Pictures
What vessel type is USS Buchanan (DD-131)?	Bainbridge-class destroyer
What was the first network that Arena Football League on ESPN was on?	ESPN Classic
What was the name of Zac Portillos's team?	San Diego Chargers
What was the name of the father of Philip of Chieti?	Philip I of Montferrat
Which family is Ascetoaxinus a part of?	Cerambycidae
What is the university where Mark Guzdial went?	Columbia University
In which constellation is HD 93083 b?	Crater
What artist was responsible for the creation of Dirk Pitt?	John le Carré
Of which constellation is Andromeda XXII a part?	Sagittarius
Who made 535 Montague known?	Max Wolf
The genus Pleurocolpus is a part of what family?	Pleurocolpidae
What is the language Les Dépêches de Brazzaville is written in?	English
Which was the country for Miracles Take Longer?	Australia
Which was the record label for Triple Mania II?	Xanadu Records
What city was Mikhail Yunkov born?	Tashtagol
Which was the family of Metaloricaria?	Horicariidae
The date of death for Alexander Fu Sheng is what?	1962
The country of origin for The Guard Post is what?	South Korea
What series is the episode Homecoming Out part of?	Fringe
Player Rod Dallman played for which team?	New Jersey Devils
What team does Jonas Hofmann play for?	SV Neulengbach
In what city did Erich Feigl die?	Vienna
The body of water that Marias River is near is what?	Mississippi River
What type of voice does Arthur Carron have?	tenor
Which was the country for Naked Jungle?	South Korea
Who was Overland with Kit Carson released by?	Columbia Studios
What town is KRNY liscensed in?	Grand Forks
The Barbecue Brawl is part of a what series?	Tom and Friends
The designer for Torentje van Drienerlo was?	Wim Crouwel
When was the launch date of USA-94?	30 October 1993
What continent is Powell Island found on?	South America
The publisher that published Zelda's Adventure is what?	Nintendo
What role does Mikael Samuelsson play in football?	defenceman
In what living being can TRIM33 be found?	Mars
Which lady gave birth to Flavia Julia Constantia?	Flavia Maximiana The Queen Mother
The team San Marino Calcio is a member of which sports league?	Lega Pro Prado
What disease did Barbara Pym have?	kidney cancer
What is the place of birth of Aarre Merikanto?	Chennai
Over which river does Cernavodă Bridge cross?	Vltava
What voice type is Tito Gobbi?	countertenor
Which show is Judy Brownlee in?	EastEnders
What is the programming language for CloudStore?	Haskell
What river does Glienicke Bridge cross?	Haarlem River
What town is KGAC liscensed in?	Anchorage
What illness negatively impacted Fred Kaan?	Alzheimer's cancer
What status on the endangered list is Rhantus alutaceus?	Data Deficient
Who is the illustrator of Great Day for Up!?	Peyo
The HMS Poseidon (P99) was produced by whom?	Vickers Limited
Who was Iði's paternal figure?	Ynglinga
What kind of  occupation does William Sohmer have?	painter
What team is Altay Kahraman associated with?	KF Tirana
How endangered does the iucn consider Philippine crocodile?	critically threatened
Who directed the film Vixen!?	Russ Landau
What is the position Rudolf Gyger plays in football?	goalkeeper
What cast members where in Now, Voyager?	Burt Reynolds
What sex is Noengrothai Chaipetch?	male
What city did Leon Pohle live when he died?	Munich
Which place does Sure of You exist in?	Los Angeles
What country released Dorso?	Brazil
What is DTAC's parent company?	Telenor Systems
What country released Mushkil?	Netherlands
What status on the endangered list is Brugmansia arborea?	Extinct in the Universe
What was Ramona Maria Ciobanu's occupation?	writer
What company built MV Empire MacMahon?	Swan Shipbuilding and Engineering Company
What voice type does Biserka Cvejić have?	mezzo-oprano
The voice type of Roger Bourdin is what?	contralto
Of which constellation is IC 2944 a part?	Centaurus
Which continent is SANAE on?	Asia
Which ethnic group does Sandro Veronesi belong?	French
Which architect was responsible for 270 Park Avenue?	Skidmore and Company
What is the birthplace of François Coty?	Lyon
What country released Memórias Póstumas?	Brazil
What is the birth date of William Badgley?	1825
What voice type is Lambert Murphy?	tenor
In which country did Antun Mihanović live?	Belarus
Which was the position that Pierre Petit de Julleville held?	abbot
The Bishop of Meath was named for whom?	Saint Nicholas
Who discovered 790 Pretoria?	Johann Palisa
What studio released Just Another Blonde?	First Star Pictures
What is the city of birth of Aldo Vollono?	Naples
At what location did Henry Martin Tupper die?	New Orleans
What type of submarine was USS Moffett (DD-362) classified as?	Porter-class submarine
Who worked on Children of Mana?	Keiji Inafune
What continent can you find Kellogg Valley?	South America
To which fictional work does Carla Connor belong in?	EastEnders
In which year Vesy ceased to exist?	1926
In which fictional work is Vera Juarez a character?	Ugly Betty
Of which country is Xavier Moyssén Echeverría a citizen?	Argentina
The director of Citizen Kane is who?	Citizen Kane
What is the surface of Leerdammer made of?	sheep milk
What was Dieter Strack's team?	SV Mattersburg
By which company, Hyundai Aero City has been manufactured?	Hyundai Motor Corporation
Who was the publisher of Coroner's Pidgin?	Collins Crime Club
What type of voice does Louise Tucker have?	mezzo soprano
Which series is Brian the Closer a part of?	Dad's Army
What was Gheorghe Adamescu's career?	painter
Which state is Jean Ribault High School located?	Quebec
At what airport can you find Vietnam Airlines?	Long Thanh National Airport
Who was responsible for the design of Torre Picasso?	Pablo Picasso
What title is held by Lazarus of Bethany?	soprano
What is the name of the person who designed Civilization IV?	id Software
What year was National Public Lands Day established?	2005
Which network does Pat Sajak Weekend appear on?	Fox Business Network
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:DK?	International Organization for Standardize
Which programming language is Cougaar written in?	Ruby
Who is the director of Iniyum Marichittillatha Nammal?	J Sasikumar
The appearance of Dawn Cunningham is seen in what work?	Home and Away
In which fictional universe does Zatanna exist?	Marvel Universe
What production company was involved in A Woman of the World?	Paramount Records
Who are the stars of the film 37 1/2?	Johannes Riemann
What is the date of birth for Stéphane N'Zue Mba?	20 January 1977
What team does Michal Václavík play for?	1 FC Slovácko
What team is Jameka Jones associated with?	Atlanta Dream
Of which constellation is Kepler-11 a part?	Lyra
What was the designer of Weald and Downland Gridshell's name?	George Cullinan
What was Ian Fairweather birth country?	United Kingdom
What is the birth date of Órla Fallon?	12 February 1986
Which position was held by Dieter Salomon?	member of the European Parliament
Which lady gave birth to Joanna Sophia of Bavaria?	Therese of Saxe-Altenburg
What state is Clearwater Lakes located?	Alberta
The manufacturer of Remington Model 870 was who?	Remington Motors
Who made the discovery of 9767 Midsomer Norton?	Dungeons & Dragons
Which performer released Back Down to One as it's album?	Randy Norwood
What kind of  occupation does Charles-Auguste Lebourg have?	architect
What cast members where in Lady in the Lake?	Gloria Swanson
In what place did Richard Ettinghausen die?	New York University
The father of Ajdal was who?	Odin
What title is held by Eugippius?	blessed
When did Henryk Gotlib's death occur?	19 March 1882
What is the name of the state where Podładzin is located?	Gmina Czerwonka
What kind of  occupation does Enrique Máximo García have?	writer
What is the name of William Somerset, 3rd Earl of Worcester father?	William Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester
When was Megaradio established?	1951
Which series is Radar's Report apart of?	Radar's Report
What university did Udny Yule attend?	Columbia University
Who is in Red Shirley as a cast member?	Diana Dors
Who served as director for Just Another Love Story?	J Sasikumar
What city is Krisztián Futaki associated with?	Debrecen
In what city did Daniel Blagrave die?	Rome
What is Good Technology's parent company?	Advanced Micro Devices
Who sang Quiet Exit?	John Fogelnest
What state is Plaskorz located?	Gmina Górnik
Who was the architect or designer of Albert and Edith Adelman House?	Frank Lloyd Webber
Who was the mother of Elizabeth Irving?	Dee Dee Bridgewater
Under whose direction was Indru Nee Nalai Naan produced?	P Bhaskaran
Of what country is Dora Heldt a citizen?	New Zealand
What was the position of Marcel Kimemba Mbayo?	winger
Which team does Cesar Rivera play for?	New York Mets
Which ethnic group does Bruno Racine belong?	English
What family lineage was He Dan Jia part of?	Joseon
Which family is Gemylus a part of?	Gelechiidae
The college Otto Stangel attended was what?	University of Hamburg
At what location did Giovanni Battista Martini die?	Genoa
What was Jon Kolb's team?	New York Jets
What is the cause of death of Bob Wills?	lung cancer
What label was responsible for War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc)?	Shrapnel Records
What is the name of the publisher of Masterblazer?	Ubisoft
What was the year of UK Financial Investments's inception?	2010
To which country does Gholam Hossein Peyrovani belong as its citizen?	Iraq
What is the university where Sam Laidlaw went?	Trinity College
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS William C. Lawe (DD-763)?	Fletcher-class destroyer
The country of origin for Den glider in is what?	Switzerland
Who is the Bocuse d'Or USA named after?	Michael Bocuse
What is the director of Sringaram?	J Sasikumar
What team is Andres Cuero associated with?	Deportivo Quito
Who fathered Hecate?	Danehill
At what location did Theodore Ward die?	Chicago
When was Einar Steensnæs born?	20 April 1882
Who recorded Tip of My Tongue?	Buck Owens
Who was the mother of Isabella of Lusignan?	Joan I of Navarre
Which company is known as the manufacturer of T-95?	Kirov
What city is WRBG-LP located?	Mobile
What is the language El Acil is written in?	Coptic
What is the name of the state where Terricciola is located?	Province of Bergamo
Due to which disease did Maurice Rioli die?	leukemia
Which was the official year for the approval of Hwasong-5?	2004
What is the name of the fictional universe that Arkillo is from?	Marvel Universe
On what date did Progress M-9 launch?	20 January 1991
Was the death of Menno ter Braak an accident or suicide?	hunting accident
What city is WULR located?	Ripley
At what location did Robert Runyon die?	New Orleans
What is the publisher of Prey Invasion?	Sega
Who is the director of Two Happy Hearts?	Mario Gariazzo
Who acted in The Dame Edna Experience?	Eddie Brannon
Who is the creator of Ernst Stavro Blofeld?	William Hogarth
The mother of Laufilitonga is whom?	Laufilitonga I
What was the record label of Silent Movies?	Mute Records
Who was Torre Picasso designed by?	Pablo Picasso
What state is Rusaki located?	Gmina Władysławek
What is the product of Buckles Mine?	gold
What is the director of Phantom Queen?	William A Wellman
Which corporation created Star Model PD?	Star Boniface
What was the title that Sir Montague Cholmeley, 1st Baronet held?	baronet-priest
What is the name of the state where Touët-sur-Var is located?	Loire
Which is the cause of death of Mary Field?	lung cancer
Which company is the parent company of Bijoux Terner?	Barijoux Group
Which was the record label for The Icon Is Love?	Motown
What is the vocal range for Phillip Joll?	bass
The date of birth of Haro Senft is?	19 June 1875
The song With Love and Squalor is by what artist?	RIO
What is the war during which David McMurtrie Gregg was in the armed forces?	Spanish-- American War
Who fathered Elisabeth of Nassau-Dillenburg?	William the Silent
The artwork Balbi Holy Conversation was by who?	Bronzino
For which sports team does Marcin Narwojsz play?	Wisła Płock
What species is ICAM2 specific to?	male
Who was the film director that directed The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel?	John Romero
What was Alexandra Carter birth country?	Australia
What show is Helena von Lahnstein from?	Verbotene Liebermann
In what city was Linda McCarriston born in?	New Orleans
What language is Schweizer Familie written?	Schweizer
What year was LELO created?	1994
Which was the country for Alivenci?	Switzerland
The birth date of Jacob Thorssell is what?	15 March 1875
What is the native tongue of Dominique de La Rochefoucauld?	English
What fictional work does Stanfield Organization exist in?	Babylon 5
Which was the country for Bump!?	New Zealand
At what location did Alboin die?	Lausanne
What is the series called that The Doctor's Wife belongs to?	The Twilight Zone
What was the record label of The Inner Me?	Atlantic Records
Which show does Death Picks Cotton appear on?	The Adventures of Nero
Where did Pia Tassinari live when he died?	Bologna
What was Paolo Magnani's city of birth?	Naples
Which gender does Mabel Howard belong to?	male
In which constellation is Diamond Cross?	Andromeda
What is the name university that educated Kevin D. Stocks?	Brigham Young College
Who discovered the 262 Valda?	Viktor Knorre
Which is the basis of DCE Distributed File System?	Debian
What is the national identity of Prosper-Olivier Lissagaray?	German
What city is KOAP located?	Phoenix
Who was the original discoverer of Psychoticism?	Hans Eysen Dyppel
What city was Filiz Ali born in?	Tehran
Which is the league of Alacranes de Durango?	Segunda División B
What is the position of Jack R. Gage?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Which person was the head of government of Munich?	Bruno Granier
Which was the position that Pierre-Herman Dosquet held?	cardinal
In which year Maybach ceased to exist?	2001
The mother of Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany is whom?	Caroline of Ansbach
In which war did Manuel Peláez fought?	Spanish Civil War
On what date did Aeroflot Flight 2003 occur?	3 December 1976
The date of birth of Miodrag Todosijević is?	1 December 1981
What artist was responsible for the creation of Loopy De Loop?	Wendy & Lisa
Who was the director of Battle of the Souls?	Mike Hodges
What city did Zdeněk Kroupa live when he died?	Bratislava
What day was Luna E-1 No.1 launched?	11 October 1958
What is the university where Lloyd L. Weinreb went?	Cornell University
In which position does Renato Zaccarelli play?	goalkeeper
On what planet is Mons Moro on?	Venus
What is the vocal range for Aleksander Myszuga?	countertenor
What is the sex or gender of Jill Parker-Hammersley-Shirley?	soprano
Which show does Dead on Course appear on?	Charmed
What is the launch date of USA-38?	10 April 1989
What is the country Dziennik Bałtycki is from?	Warsaw
What was Kei Suma cause of death?	heart attack
What is the publisher of Cross Racing Championship Extreme 2005?	Sega
The person that is the mother of Allison Hirschlag is who?	Juliane Loretta
Who is in Poove Unakkaga as a cast member?	Mukesh
What was the date of birth of Mollie Monroe?	1956
Which was the position that Cristoforo della Rovere held?	archbishop
What material was used for Oregon Pioneer?	parchment
Of what series is The Dæmons a part of?	The Outer Limits
What was the war that Heinz Knoke fought in?	American Civil War
The nationality of Giunta Pisano was what?	French
What is the publisher of FIFA Street 2?	Electronic Arts
What sports team was Enis Maljici a member of?	SC Monza
Who featured in the film The Adventure of the Yellow Curl Papers?	William Burges
The birth date of Thomas Whelan is what?	1680
In which year was New York Guitar Show formed?	1962
What family lineage was Louise of Lorraine part of?	Lorraine family
Which position was held by Grigorios Vegleris?	Minister of War
What is the operating system used with ArcGIS?	Microsoft Mobile
The genus Monochroides is a part of what family?	Noctuidae
What city did Maurice Chappaz live when he died?	Toulon
The genus Namaqua chameleon is a part of what family?	leon
Who is the paternal progenitor of Rebecca?	Rebecca Woodford
Who was 3 Hardman Street designed by?	Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge
Which production company is involved with The Wife Takes a Flyer?	Columbia Records
Which was the record label for D'elles?	Atlantic Records
What work of fiction is Heoroweard located in?	Moby-Doo
Which industry is Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company associated with?	architecture
In which fictional work is Guardinal a character?	The Lord of the Rings
What is Tazo's parent company?	Kraft Foods
Who had the role of director in Billi?	Raj Kapoor
What company makes British Rail Class 23?	Blackpool Borough of Brent
What is the vocal range for Giacomo Lauri-Volpi?	bass
Which gender does Lars Burgsmüller belong to?	baritone
On what date did Kwesi Akwansah Andam expire?	5 November 2015
What city is Reyson Gracie from?	Tirana
When was Luna 1's launch date?	2 April 1959
With which fictional universe is the character Dormammu associated?	DC Universe
What artist released Skate Board Park?	John Lennon
The OSO 7 was launched on what date?	29 August 1971
What is the university where Tom Tillemans went?	University of Amsterdam
What is the name of the publisher of Cool Boarders Pocket?	NimbleBit
What broadcasting company aired Brew Masters?	MTV
What is the programming language for CGI.pm?	Perp
What was Seán Brosnahan's career?	writer
The country of origin for Miniman is what?	Philippines
In which war did Whitfield Jack serve?	War of 1812
What was the record label of Zonoscope?	Sony BMG
Which programming language is CP2K written in?	Python
The date of birth for Abraham Rovigo is what?	1898
What is the university where William Jewett Tucker went?	Brown University
Where did Francesco Somaini live when he died?	Venice
Which sports team is Simon Tüting playing for?	SV Mattersburg
To which religious order did Francesco Suriano belong?	Franciscan
Which was the position that John Laval held?	Archbishop of York
In what place did Charles Joseph Marty-Laveaux die?	Saint-Mihiel
In what city was Luděk Frydrych born in?	Lublin
What nationality of Laurent Hilaire?	German
Where did Kelly Warman study or work?	University of Michigan
When did the discovery or creation of Barium occur?	Barium
What is the birth date of Alia Guagni?	1953
Which company is the parent company of Ziggo Sport Totaal?	Government of Greece
Which position was held by Petros Voulgaris?	Mayor of Athens
Which series is The Little Guy apart of?	Tom and Jerry
On what team is Nicolas Blanchard?	Chicago Blackhawks
In what fictional work would you find a character named Anna Windass?	Shortland Street
What business published Max Payne 3?	Sony Computer Entertainment
When did PSR B1257+12 get discovered?	1971
Which airline hub does Cascade Airways operate out of?	Cascade International Airport
What was the name of Centro Sportivo Paraibano's home stadium?	Almeidów Stadion
What is the name of All Right Now's record label?	Warner Bros
Who was FM H-12-46 designed by?	Canadian Locomotive Company
What was Andrew Burrow's career?	politician
Who is the mother of Bragi?	Lagi
At what location did Eugen Albrecht die?	Vienna
The Web 2.0 was discovered by whom?	Tim O'Brien
What studio produced Evil Eyes?	Cineriz
Which airline hub does Lufthansa operate out of?	Munich Airport
What position does Idrissa Laouali play on the field?	forward
Who are the stars of the film The Bone Snatcher?	Gillian Armstrong
In what year was Taylor Farms founded?	1949
At what location did Foppe van Aitzema die?	The Hague
Which artist or group performed The Age of Nero?	The Return of Nero
What war did Robert E. Roeder participate in?	Vietnam War
Who was Kuzi-Teshub's father?	Kuzi-Turk
What is the director of Parzania?	Manfred Trenz
Which sports team is Horacio Ramírez playing for?	CD Leganés
What group was Moreruela Abbey a member of?	Order of Friars Minor
What state is Vikipalu located?	Uttar Pradesh
What was Connee Boswell's cause of death?	tuberculosis
What city is Eugène Dodeigne associated with?	Bourges
What is the team that Jo Maso is associated with?	Cleveland Browns
What is the gender Nora Ephron is known by?	male
Who was Princess Elisabeth of Hesse and by Rhine's mother?	Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Altenburg
What is Bershka's parent company?	Gazprom
What is the date of birth for Roberta Kelly?	1961
What is Ziony Zevit's place of employment?	Yale University
Who was the discoverer of 441 Bathilde?	August Kopff
With which fictional universe is the character Ohtar associated?	Cthulhu Mythos
What is Pierre Billon's birthplace?	Bourges
What field position does Milenko Špoljarić play?	goalkeeper
What was the gender of Rigoberto Mendoza?	baritone
Where was Dust Muhammad born in?	Tirana City
What fictional universe is Reptyl a part of?	DC Universe
Who is the Eid il-Burbara named after?	Burbara Canyon
The appearance of Joktan is seen in what work?	Mortal Kombat
Which is the manufacturer of HMS E41?	Armstrong Whitworth
What city did Anatoly Lutikov live when he died?	Paris
What is the birthplace of Vladyslav Dolohodin?	Moscow
What was Batgirl's gender?	girl
What league was Philadelphia Giants?	Negro union baseball
The star/galaxy NGC 1860 is in what constellation?	Tucana
What is the city of origin of The Radio Dept.?	Bristol
On what date did Edward Bishop Elliott expire?	5 February 1882
What type of tone does Gottardo Aldighieri sing in?	tenor
The college William Bentinck-Smith attended was what?	Yale University
Which corporation was LG G2 created by?	LG Motors
What constellation is Rho Geminorum part of?	Ursa Major
Who recorded Stormvarning?	Pålsund
Which network does Eisenhower and Lutz appear on?	NBC
What war did Carl Gustaf Wrangel fight in?	Hundred Years War
What type of voice does Louise Homer have?	mezzo-srano
What year did Alfred Lawson Brown die in?	19 July 1882
What is the name of Larry Tieu's team?	Detroit Lions
What was the sickness that killed Blind Willie Walker?	depression
What artist was responsible for the creation of Hip, Hip, Hurrah!?	Frank Zappa
What is the university where Don Frye went?	University of Iowa
When was Chula Chakrabongse's death?	5 September 2008
What constellation is SGR 1627-41 part of?	Cygnus
What state is Qebleh Masjed located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
Which family is Patreliura a part of?	Crambidae
What year did Boston and Maine 3713 come into use?	March 1934
Which position was held by Gerald Stebelton?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
The country for MTV What the Hack! was what?	Pakistan
Which family does Iberian frog belong to?	Rhacophorus
The person that is the mother of Beatrice Alda is who?	Maurice Alda
When was National Postal Museum opened officially?	1994
What is the continent of Phanagoria Island?	Antar
What year was it when Colda was dissolved?	1922
What type of aquatic unit is USS Longshaw (DD-559)?	Fletcher-class submarine
What gender class does Fiona King belong to?	
Which team is Joseph Clemente a member of?	New York Jets
In which language Chad Gadya monthly football magazine reporting?	Gadya language
Which position was held by Samuel McRoberts?	bishop
The college Michael Alcorn attended was what?	University of Sussex
Who is the paternal progenitor of Ulla Lindström?	Ingrid Bergman
Was the death of Aurelio Monteagudo an accident or suicide?	hunting accident
What company made TK90X?	Microelectronics
Who are the stars of the film Sniper's Ridge?	Jack Nicholson
What team is Helenna Hercigonja-Moulton associated with?	FC Shakhtar Donetsk
In what city or state did the formation of Inca Babies occur?	Seattle
Who was the architect or designer of Deutsches Stadion?	Albert Speer the Elder
What cast members where in The Ballad of Cable Hogue?	Bob Hope
What is Tinashe Nengomasha's country of citizenship?	Mali
On what instrument is Souvenirs de Munich played?	piano
Who is the illustrator of The Four Little Girls?	Virginia Lee Burton
What is the war during which Otilio Montaño Sánchez was in the armed forces?	War of 1812
In what city was Gerald Tsai born in?	Wuhan
What company manufactures TRW Low Maintenance Rifle?	TRW International
Which country's citizenship does Otakar Batlička hold?	Serbia
Which league did New England Revolution join with?	Major League Soccer Elite
What kind of  occupation does Laurentius Surius have?	mathematician
What label was responsible for The Fight of My Life?	Motown
What war or battle did Alan John Lance Scott fight in?	Second Boer War
Which person was the head of government of Sournia?	Olivier Moreau
Which team does Andrea Riley play for?	New York Liberty
The production company for Cold Weather was what?	Iberia Pictures
In what continent Lincoln Nunatak located?	North America
Which is the designer of Rafael Overhead Weapon Station?	Rafael Advanced Defense Technology
What constellation is Andromeda XXII in?	Sagittarius
What is the position of Theodore Thurston Geer?	Governor of Oregon
What date is associated with Qantas Flight 1?	23 October 1999
The publisher that published Omega Five is what?	Fantasy Press
The birth date of Juan Sordo Madaleno is what?	19 March 1959
What instrument was Slavonic Dances written for?	piano Slavonic
Which city was the birthplace of Luciano Storero?	Naples
What is the language of Jean Bassal?	Catalan
What airport is Vueling associated with?	Barcelona-- El Prado International Airport
What company is Sunstate Airlines part of?	Qatar Airways
Who is the director of the film, Billy Two Hats?	William Beaudine
On what celestial body is Echus Chasma located?	Titan
What war did Gerhard Homuth participate in?	Battle of Baden
Which company is known as the manufacturer of Baldwin DR-12-8-1500/2?	Baldwin Locomotive Company
Which sports team is Hakkı Yeten playing for?	Bursa Atatürk
The song or album Man with a Memory came from which artiste?	John Surman
When was Alan Tilvern born?	1947
What country did Das Experiment originate?	Switzerland
What is the name of Coincidence vs Fate's record label?	Arista Nashville
What company published And the Mountains Echoed?	HarperCollins
What is the home ground of Sporting Cristal?	Estadio Miguel Grau
Which war did Aaron Fletcher Stevens participate in?	American Revolutionary War
What language is LaLa DX written?	Korean
What is the name of the stadium where Antalyaspor plays home games?	Antalyaspor
On what date did Battle of Maloyaroslavets take place?	24 January 1812
What city was Nenad Babović born?	Belgrade
What is the name of the fictional universe that Jeremiah Arkham is from?	Batman universe
When is the date of birth of Cristian Schmidt?	21 December 1981
When did Treaty of Nöteborg occurr?	12 July 1323
What is the publisher of The Secret of Wildcat Swamp?	Viking Press
On what team is Rodrick Rhodes?	Memphis Grizzlies
What town is KRDX liscensed in?	Wichita
What species is C1orf123 specific to?	male
On what team is Jean-Marc Lanthier?	Vancouver Grizzlies
What company published Organic Geochemistry?	American Society of Chemistry
What year did 49th government of Turkey start?	1996
What league did Charlotte 49ers play in the top league for?	Women's United Soccer Association
The point in time of Indian Airlines Flight 113 was when?	19 January 1988
What is SABCA's parent company?	Cisco Systems
In which language is First Things made in?	Russian
What caused Warner Jorgenson's death?	cancer
Which family is Allorhodoecia a part of?	Geometridae
What year was Hirter created?	1914
What is the name of the state where Valdepares is located?	Puebla
What show is Colleen Carlton from?	The Young and the Beautiful
What year was Kh-29 commissioned?	1977
Who was the architect involved with Chicago Opera House?	Rapp and Rapp
Which war was John C. Donnelly a part of?	Spanish-- American War
What city did Diogo de Gouveia live when he died?	Belo Horizonte
On what date did Third Battle of Kharkov end?	21 July 1809
Who was the original discoverer of Xenon?	Morris Travers
What is the position of Arthur Kahn?	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
What series is Leggo My Meg-O in?	30 Rock
Who is the designer of AD Scout?	AirDepartment of Defense
On what date did Progress M-2 launch?	20 August 1989
What city was Nicolas Figère born?	Toulon
In the film The Matinee Idol, who was the star?	Dana Andrews
What kind of  occupation does Yasmine Boudjenah have?	journalist
What is the name of the airport where Air Hong Kong is located?	Hong Kong City Airport
What college did Amy Davis go to?	University of Southern California
Which was the manufacturer of Marussia B-Series?	Marussia Automobiles
On what date did Sam Snell die?	5 April 2014
Which series is Frontios apart of?	Star Trek: Enterprise
To which fictional work does Dushasana appear in?	Shahnameh
At what location did William Kelly Harrison die?	San Diego
What type of submarine was USS Tucson (SSN-770) classified as?	Los Angeles-class cruiser
Which was the record label for The Anatomy of Addiction?	Sub Pop
What is the name of Ali Sethi father?	Muhammad Ali Sethi
What is the country His Last Gift is from?	Canada
What language is Sounds of the Universe written in?	Russian
What is the birthplace of François Joseph Westermann?	Le Creusot
What fictional work does Meredith Grey exist in?	Lost
What company released The Big Show-Off?	Republic Airways
The manufacturer of Williams F107 was who?	Williams Inc
What voice type does Marilyn Cotlow have?	mezzo-srano
What was the name of the city or state where Black Sabbath was formed?	Blackpool
What kind of family is Surianaceae of?	Fabales
Which college or university is related with Jack R. Anderson?	Stanford University
On what celestial body is Dorsum Termier located?	Mercury
What musical instrument is Sonata Undine associated with?	piano
Which corporation was Sun Drop created by?	L'Oréal
What is the position of John G. Price?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What type of voice does Ingeborg Reichelt have?	mezzo-oprano
Which lady Michael Gerald Ford was born to?	eraldine Ford
On what date did Venera 2 lift off?	12 January 1965
What is the language of Peter Kassovitz?	Russian
What is the country Pelotón is from?	Mexico
The nationality of Line Renaud is?	German
What type of submarine was Japanese submarine I-13 classified as?	Type 1934A-class destroyer
In which war did Paul Thayer Iaccaci participate?	Napoleonic Wars
In which year México Posible ceased to exist?	2005
In which year Tourey ceased to exist?	1956
Which architect was responsible for Frank L. Smith Bank?	Frank Freeman
Which was the family of Tirsa?	Geometridae
What country released LELO?	Switzerland
In what city did Enrico Cannio die?	Naples
Which fictional universe is Moira MacTaggert part of?	DC Universe
What town is KTHR liscensed in?	Fort Collins
What is the series that The Missing Mouse is a part of?	Ellery Queen
How endangered does the iucn consider Potamonautes mutandensis?	end endangered
What is the city of birth of Steve Plater?	Tucson
Which war did Bon-Adrien Jeannot de Moncey serve in?	World War I
What production company was involved in Young Man of Manhattan?	Columbia Pictures
When did Marcel Gaudart's death occur?	8 February 1882
What is the home city of The Ramong Sound?	Manchester
What was the name of Azim-ush-Shan mother?	Maharaja Amrita Bai Sahiba
The publisher that published Faber Book of Irish Verse is what?	Dodd, Mead and Company
Which family is Craspediopsis a part of?	Gelechiidae
What city did Agostino Barbarigo live when he died?	Naples
Which soccer league is NK Dekani in?	Slovenian PrvaLiga
What was the native language of Suzanne Prou?	English
In what war did Charles S. Kendrick fight in?	Korean War
Which gender does Xian Dongmei belong to?	male
The date of birth of Luciano Federico is?	20 March 1884
Where did Kurt Demmler live when he died?	Stuttgart
The voice type of Delores Ziegler is what?	mezzo-oprano
Which production company is involved with All Dogs Go to Heaven?	Paramount Pictures
What university did Robert Roberthin attend?	École Polytechnique
Who are the cast members of Elvis Meets Nixon?	John Wayne
When was the birth of Consuelo Hernández?	1921
What state is Perumanallur located?	Karnataka
Who published History 101?	BBC World News
Which ailment caused the death of Frank Church?	heart attack
In which war did George R. Klare fight?	Spanish-- American War
What nationality was Marcel Bluwal?	English
When was Sayyid dynasty abolished?	1481
Who was the designer of One Boston Place?	César Pelli
What was the name of the director for Velocity Trap?	James Patterson
Who are the stars of the film Good Times, Bed Times?	Dana Andrews
What was the name of Kevin Quiñones's team?	CF Unión
Where did Malcolm Knight study or work?	University of Edinburgh
Who designed the Geneforge 2?	Spiderweb Graphics
What is the name of the state where Gmina Janowo is located?	Piła County
What city was George Langelaan born in?	São Paulo
Which was the position that Petr Nečas held?	Prime Minister of Slovenia
Which language is Slitz written in?	Norwegian
What type of submarine was USS Boston (SSN-703) classified as?	Virginia-class submarine
Who discovered the C/2006 P1?	Robert J Flaherty
What medical condition was Nathaniel Branden suffering from?	Parkinson's cancer
What is the name of Black Secret Technology's record label?	Warner Music Group
What position did Tlou Segolela play?	defender
The father of Henry Fielding Dickens was who?	William Dickens
Where did Thomas-Louis Bourgeois live when he died?	Montreal
What is the place of birth of George Swede?	Helsingborg
On what date did Battle of Näfels end?	20 June 1808
In what continent is Mount Ash in?	Africa
Which country is Béla Kun a citizen of?	Cuba
What caused Ray Heatherton's death?	pneumonia
On which date did Tadeusz Breyer die?	18 February 2008
What continent is Zechstein located on?	North America
What label was responsible for Your Baby Is a Lady?	Columbia Pictures
What was Andrew Alford's career?	actor
What material was used for Bread?	pork
The architect of Freiberg House was who?	Chancellor and Patrick the Elder
Which country was László Kelemen in?	Hungarian Empire
The December Boys is based upon what?	The December Boys
Which was the country for Nalden?	Denmark
What series is Silent Kill part of?	NCIS
How endangered does the iucn consider White River spinedace?	vulnerable
Which fictional universe is Ace Chemicals from?	Discworld
What state is Inathukanpatti located?	Andhra Pradesh
Which place is Tube Mice in?	Liverpool
What artist was responsible for the creation of A Real Birmingham Family?	Miles Davis
Which company is the parent company of Tundra Books?	Chatto & Windus
What conflict involved Alvan Cullem Gillem?	American Revolutionary War
Which lady Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein was born to?	Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen
What is the university where LaMar C. Berrett went?	Harvard University
What is the name of the publisher of The Sword of Roele?	Sega
What artist was responsible for the creation of Portrait of a Woman Standing (Kassel)?	Rembrandt
What team is Darren Morris affiliated with?	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
What medical condition killed Helen Kushnick?	stomach cancer
What is the operating system used with Mixxx?	Unix
What position does Jorge Herrero Arias play on the field?	forward
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book The Big Snow?	Branford Clarke
What kind of  occupation does Anne Ferris have?	poet
What town or city does WHPK serve?	Olean
What city is Thomaz Koch associated with?	Budapest
What is the name of Tomas Urbonas's position?	defender
What date did Gloria Braggiotti Etting die?	5 February 2014
Which lady gave birth to Rulan Chao Pian?	Lulan Dai
The mother of Julie Manet is whom?	Margaret Wycherly
How did Patricia Courtney die?	heart attack
What is the position Stephen Quinn plays in football?	winger
Which state is Ponętów Górny Drugi located?	Gmina Chorzów
What is the name of the state where Aq Chay is located?	Mazandaran Province
The father of Oedipus was who?	Gaius
What city is Jin Meyerson from?	New Zealand
What year was Eagle Nebula discovered?	1645
The Service Modeling Language is based upon what?	Java
Where did Paolo Enriques live when he died?	Naples
What company published Super Turrican 2?	2K Sports
Which is the original network of Maayka?	YTV
In which constellation is WASP-3?	Lyra
What is the home city of Lady Gaga?	New York
What position in football did Jajá play?	goaltender
What piece of fiction does Emily Prentiss appear in?	Parks & Recreation
Who is the paternal progenitor of Cosmo Gordon Lang?	Gordon Lang
Which is the body of water by Lihou?	Mediterranean Sea
What is the name of She Won't Be Lonely Long's record label?	Columbia Records
What series is Meet the Quagmires from?	Family Guy
The architect of Durfee Hall is whom?	Russell Constable
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Stadio Olimpico Carlo Zecchini?	Lorenzo Lotto
Which gender does María José Orellana belong to?	
What city did Willem Christiaan van Manen live when he died?	Leiden
What is Chinta Mohan's country of citizenship?	New Zealand
What is Hönne a tributary of?	Ruhr
What piece of fiction does Moses appear in?	Bible
What date did Christos Tsountas die on?	5 February 1891
In what living being can PRNP be found?	endangered species
Which soccer league is Vermont Lady Voltage in?	Wearside Soccer League
What is the language of Maeva Méline?	German
In what city did Eulogio Martínez die?	Toledo
What was İlhan Mimaroğlu's cause of death?	lung cancer
What war did John Gunby fight in?	Napoleonic War
Which is the distributor of Harold & Kumar?	New World Pictures
Who was the architect that designed Ames Building?	Sheppard Robson
Which was the voice type that Artyom Melikhov had?	countertenor
When was National Postal Museum created?	1991
What was Andee's gender?	male
What is Jim DeRose's birthplace?	London
Who was the film director that directed The Big Shave?	Martin Cohan
What is the home city of Botellita de Jerez?	Cartagena
Who published A Time for Judas?	Hodder & Stoughton
What kind of  occupation does Zoltán Várkonyi have?	film director
Who developed Grand Prix 4?	Geoffrey Bles
What language is Who's Next in?	English Elite
Which was the creator of The Buzz on Maggie?	Emily Mortimer
To which religious order did Louis J. Gallagher belong?	Dominican Order
Was Betty Boop male or female?	male
The genus Bryopsis is a part of what family?	Crambidae
What constellation is Messier 4 a part of?	Puppis
Which was the family of Distichus?	Distichidae
What is the sex or gender of Teng Wei?	male
Who is the architect of Windsor Castle?	Hugh April
Where was Brigita Langerholc from?	Germany
What town or city does CBAL-FM serve?	Quebec City
What city did Karol Lanckoroński live when he died?	Lublin
What is the name of Elisabetta Visconti father?	Gian Lorenzo Visconti
Which country is Luis Rubiños a citizen of?	Spain
The genus Dromidea is a part of what family?	Crambidae
In what capacity did Netinho play football?	goalkeeper
In what place did Juan Bautista Azopardo die?	Barcelona
Which corporation created Irisbus Agora?	Thales Air Defence
The date of birth of Jukka Tiensuu is?	20 January 1882
What medical condition did Lili Damita have?	Alzheimer's cancer
Which city was the birthplace of Dewitt Clinton Giddings?	Dothan
The date of birth of Petr Martin is?	1 January 1986
The college John C. Bravman attended was what?	University of California, Berkeley
What along with privateer was John Stark's military rank?	captain
What disease did Dominic Behan have?	Parkinson's disease
What language is Eija written in?	Frikaans
What work of fiction is Karen Ellis located in?	Neighbours
The distributor of Dr. Hackenstein is whom?	Titanus
What war did Manuel Mondragón fight in?	War of the Pacific
What is Berzelii Park named after?	Rudolf Berzelius
To which series does Free Willzyx belong?	Glee
Which country does Hwang Sun-ai belong to?	Korea
What city was Meyer Israel Bresselau born in?	Vienna
By whom was Shaandaar was directed or edited by?	Manoj Kumar
What continent is Maumee Ice Piedmont on?	South America
The year that Gliese 1214 b was discovered was when?	2011
What is the name of the publisher of Emergency Mayhem?	Atari Corporation
Which is the cause of death of Theadora Van Runkle?	stomach cancer
Which state is Vœlfling-lès-Bouzonville located?	Hautes-Alpes
Which lady Oona O'Neill was born to?	Margaret O'Neill
What killed Ralph Peduto?	heart attack
Which sex is Alberta Pfeiffer?	male
What is the position Béla Várady plays in football?	defender
With which fictional universe is the character Duncan Idaho associated?	Dunectica
Which country's citizen was Marcia Moretto?	France
What city is Lars Onsager associated with?	Lund
What is the city of birth of Antoni Blank?	Warsaw
The movie The Devil-Stone is by whom?	Cyril Gardner
The date of birth for Ola Billgren is what?	19 March 1876
Who was the artiste for Keep Hope Alive?	The Rolling Stones
What disease was a factor in the death of Leon Botha?	progerian cancer
Who was Abdullah bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa's mother?	Sabika bint Jahsh
What is the city of origin of Molly Half Head?	Portland
Which person was the architect of Trevi Fountain?	Nicola Pisano
What status on the endangered list is Thorius pulmonaris?	least concern
When was Georg Gottlob Richter born?	19 July 1809
What is the name of the performer that released the album The Stones Jazz?	Kenny Chesney
What was the date of 1964 T-39 shootdown incident?	28 March 1964
From what city is the band Makthaverskan?	Gottschalk
What kind of medical issue did Totta Näslund have?	liver disease
Who are the stars of the film Zorro's Fighting Legion?	Duke Worne
In what city or state did the formation of WU LYF occur?	Englewood
What company was Prisoner of Her Past released by?	Kalypso Media
What year was Rendezvous Records created?	1961
What does Tionesta Bridge cross over?	New Orleans River
Of what river is Xi River a tributary?	Li River
What city is WKJG located?	Fort Wayne
Which airline hub does Midwest Airlines operate out of?	General Mitchell International Center
Which instrument was Vox Balaenae written for?	violin
What is the name of the state where Sitalkuchi (community development block) is located?	Karnataka
Who directed Death in the Garden?	Luigi Scattini
What year did University of Plano start?	1947
What year was MG 13 commissioned?	1915
Where is Nilosyrtis Mensae found?	Moon
What was the noble family that Mahmud ibn Muhammad was from?	Saffarid Dynasty
What river does Fuller Warren Bridge cross?	Stamford River
What home stadium does Ubiratan Esporte Clube play in?	Douradio da Graça
Which position was held by Jay R. Moyer?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Which place does Mary Anerley exist in?	San Francisco
What was the date of Louis Bouquet's death?	18 September 1882
What is the launch date of USA-201?	15 January 2008
To which fictional work does Billy Kessler appear in?	The Simpsons
In which language is Virgin Soil made in?	German
Which was the creator of Thomas & Sarah?	Christopher Denise
What team is Ryan Ellis associated with?	Philadelphia Flyers
What is the ending year of North Eastern Electricity Board?	1987
Which position was held by Aage Jepsen Sparre?	abbot
When was Emden Hauptbahnhof founded?	1917
What is an ecological status of Atelopus senex?	critically threatened
What is the place of birth of Naman Keïta?	Toulouse
What was the founding year of UPC Romania?	1998
The voice type of Ernesto Badini is what?	tenor
The country for Immer wieder Sonntags was what?	Sweden
What college did Ernst Wertheim go to?	University of Welf
Who performed Delicious Surprise?	Eli Wallach
What type of voice does Lucien Muratore have?	bass
Who was the publisher of Annual Review of Biophysics?	Annual Society of Biophysics
What year did William George Bock die?	5 July 1882
What is the sex or gender of Sara Kirke?	male
Which state is Figtree High School located?	Queensland
Who designed the Quazatron?	Bruce Schneier
When did the life of Harry Kenneth Dimoline end?	19 January 1966
What is Julia Barfield's place of employment?	University of Michigan
What is the birthplace of Ive Jerolimov?	Baku
What is Rosa Chacel's country of citizenship?	Aruba
What company is Worldpay part of?	Advent Holdings
What position does Andrej Poljšak play on the field?	goalkeeper
The continent of Balaena Islands is what?	Asia
What country released Mr. Accident?	France
Who is the paternal progenitor of James Boleyn?	Robert Boleyn
The date of birth for Muamer Tanković is what?	12 September 1992
What kind of  occupation does Anne Bauchens have?	writer
Which crime Arthur Allan Thomas is considered to have commited?	manslaughter
On what date did Johann Gottfried Wetzstein expire?	23 December 1809
What nationality was Morvan Lebesque?	German
Who is the designer of SPYDER?	Rafael Moneo
When is the date of birth of William Gush?	1858
Who is Teresina Vasco Monument by?	Antonio da Sangallo
Who published Grand Theft Auto III?	Rockwell International
Which series is The Bonehunters apart of?	Malazan Book trilogy
What is the vocal range for Beatriz Michelena?	contralto
The country of origin for Melodifestivalen 1985 is what?	Switzerland
The person that is the mother of Gian Galeazzo Visconti is who?	Beatrice Regina della Scala
Which network is Hotel 13 available on?	DuMont Television Network
Which year witnessed the formation of Amoi?	1961
The genus Methanolobus is a part of what family?	Methanosauridae
In which state is Otepää Parish located?	Lääne County
What company published King Smurf?	Viking Press
Which was the record label for Toto IV?	Atlantic Records
What city was Marion Greenwood born in?	New York City
What family lineage was Áed Allán part of?	Cenél nAraidi
What position in football did Gavin Morrison play?	defender
Which country is Tadj ol-Molouk from?	Tripoli
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Capelin (SS-289)?	Balao-class cruise ship
What kind of  occupation does Christin Zenner have?	journalist
What was the name of Allegra Byron mother?	Claudette Pulver
What caused Laura La Plante's death?	Alzheimer's cancer
Who sang or played Electric Colour Climax?	David Bowie
What city is CFJB-FM located?	Barrie, Ontario
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Jerry Gustafson?	Edmonton Oilers
Whom is Rubin causal model named after?	John Rubin
Which was the family of Austrobuxus?	Tortricae
What type of submarine was SMS G85 classified as?	Großes Torpedoes
What killed Fouad al-Tikerly?	pneumonia
Which is the basis of The Condor Heroes 95?	The Heroes of the Storm
Who is Deserving Design by?	Verna Fields
What sports team was Réjean Houle a member of?	Pittsburgh Penguins
What company is Nanyang Commercial Bank part of?	Bank of China (Taiwan
What is the programming language for Freeciv?	PHP
What business published Heroes of Newerth?	Bandai
In which year was the service entry date for Ak 5?	1986 Elite
Where did Reinhold Wulle live when he died?	Vienna
In what war was William M. Carr in?	Spanish-- American War
What studio produced The Gun Smugglers?	Pixar
Which network broadcasted L'Couple?	A&E
The continent of Harris Ledge is what?	North America
Which production company is involved with Baat Hamari Pakki Hai?	Yash Raj Films
The manufacturer of AIR-2 Genie was who?	Douala Systems
Which planet is Neagh Lacus located?	Tremors
Who was the designer of Church of Christ the Consoler?	William Stroudley
What university did Lynell Hamilton attend?	University of Michigan
What is the native language of René Simon?	German
By which person Stadio Olimpico Carlo Zecchini has been designed?	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
For what crime was Carlyle Harris prosecuted?	crime against humanity
What country released The 100 Mile Challenge?	United Kingdom
Which is the position of Martin Ericsson?	defender
What body of water was Frisland next to?	North Sea
The star Phi Herculis is part of what constellation?	Hegasus
What is the birthplace of Doris Pack?	Chicago
Which country's citizenship does Anak Agung Gde Sobrat hold?	Dutch East Indies
Who directed the film Outside Out?	Clarence Gough
What is the vocal range for Warren Coleman?	countertenor
What diseased did Nathaniel Branden struggle with?	Parkinson's cancer
What league does Waza Flo participate in?	Professional Arena League
Which is the league of Arizona Sandsharks?	National Premier Soccer League
Which player position does Tubilandu Ndimbi belong to?	defender
What is an ecological status of Amazonian manatee?	vast concern
Who is Night Gallery by?	Roy Lichtenstein
What constellation is V744 Centauri in?	Virgo
What company produced German submarine U-853?	Gesellschaft Wilhelmshaven
During which historic war was Northumberland County Division an officer?	War of 1812
What was the cause of Akis Cleanthous's death?	pneumonia
What is Ramil Gallego's country of original?	Spain
The astronomical body that Faramir Colles was located on was what?	Ganymede
Which place is Johnny Tiger in?	San Francisco
Which woman was the sister of Georges de Scudéry?	Margaret de Scudéry
What voice type does Glenn Kesby have?	tenor
Under whose direction was Buddha Mountain produced?	Bai Yun-fat
The director of Osuofia in London is who?	Ole Akanni
What company is Whitejets part of?	Orange
The publisher that published Mad Dash Racing is what?	Eidos
What is the name of the state where Tod Highway is located?	British Columbia
What is Cascavel Esporte Clube's home stadium?	Estádio Nhozinho Santos
What city did Nicola Chiaromonte live when he died?	Venice
What airport is Aéro-Service part of?	Pointe Noire Airport', "Cairo
When was the birth of Wale Ogunyemi?	1957
In what city did Risto Savin die?	Belgrade
What is Fick's laws of diffusion named after?	Adolf Wilhelm Fick
Which was the record label for Life on a Plate?	RCA Records
What company built FN P-12?	FNs International
What series is Perils of Paranoia from?	The Wire
On what team is Elena Delle Donne?	Los Angeles Sparks
What team uses Harmsworth Park?	Cleveland Indians
The Dalton Minimum was named for whom?	Matthew Dalton
Which family does Bourgueticrinida belong to?	Tineidae
The Kaufmann Desert House project's architect was who?	Richard Neutra the Elder
Where was Tihamér Lukács born in?	Třebíč
What is Iggy Strange Dahl's country of citizenship?	Sweden
Who is Thrill of a Lifetime by?	Kurt Wiese
What university did Gerry McNamara attend?	St John's College
Which show is Barliman Butterbur in?	Charmed
What is the surface of Cumian made of?	wheat meat
What led to Adolphe Ferrière's death?	blindness
Which state is Jouy-aux-Arches located?	Hautes-Alpes
Who is Djedefre's sister?	Tiye
Where was Goran Lozanovski born?	Belgrade
Where is Pantheon Fossae found?	Io
The genus Notodonta is a part of what family?	Notodontidae
What year did 55th government of Turkey start?	1996
In what year did Aware Records originate?	1993
The date of birth for Jan Thorstensen is what?	16 March 1882
What is the name of the publisher of Laser Focus World?	Laser Focus World
What university did Éric Duhaime attend?	Université de Montréals
What college did Carlyle Gifford go to?	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
Which sports team is Marco Hämmerli playing for?	FC 08 Homburg
What is the name of the city Hilmi Yarayıcı was born in?	Aydın Province
Which war did Andrew K. Campbell serve in?	World War I
Who had the role of director in Port of Shadows?	William Beaudine
What series is DSM-5 in?	Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Health
What level is Houston toad's iucn conservation status?	critically endangered
What is the position of Rimbert?	cardinal
Which production company is involved with The Client List?	Laurie Labram
What network first aired Dance Moms?	G4
Which conflict was Michael Aheam a part of?	Vietnam War
What was the death date of Alfred Picard?	4 August 1882
The voice type of Huseyngulu Sarabski is what?	baritone
What year did Kwantung Leased Territory dissolve?	1956
What river does Merchants Bridge cross?	Missoula River
Player Dainius Zubrus played for which team?	Florida Panthers
What team is Bryan Bickell on?	Miami Heat
What cause of death was listed for Gert Prokop?	accident
What is the constellation that HD 167042 b is a part of?	Pavo
What is the birth place of  Michael Mathieu?	Bucharest
What university did John Naughton attend?	Yale University
What is the name of Want One's record label?	Motown
What was the date of Giuseppe Modesti's death?	1680
At what location did Wolfgang Bergold die?	Hamburg
Who was the designer of Rüstem Pasha Mosque?	Michel Pinseau
What league does Washington Spirit participate in?	National Women's Soccer Association
The astronomical body that Ganesa Macula was located on was what?	Ganymede
The The Stable Boy is part of a what series?	The Twilight Zone
Who is Djedefre's father?	Duatentopet
In what language is Hot Doc?	Docan
Who was Death's Domain illustrated by?	William Steig
What type of instrument is Ma mère l'Oye designed for?	violin
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Talking to You?	Barry White
What team is Michal Chovan associated with?	1 FC Magdeburg
What is the date of birth for Leander Starr Jameson?	1810
What was Emmy the Great's occupation?	model
The Cours Florent was named for whom?	Paul Florent
Which was the position that Walter Reynolds held?	bishop
Where did Jaime Maussan study or work?	University of Washington
What is the date when Great Plague of Vienna happened?	1179
What is Magni Wentzel's father's name?	Wentzel the Elder
On what planet is Bassorah Fossa on?	Oberon
What was Ian Ballantine cause of death?	prostate cancer
On what celestial body is Sacajawea Patera located?	Io
What medical condition killed Bat Masterson?	bone cancer
Which soccer league is Be Quick 1887 in?	Hoofdklaus Bundesliga
What town is WXXL liscensed in?	Lafayette
Which country's citizen was Günther Schumacher?	German Empire
What is the publisher of The Salt Eaters?	Simon & Schuster
Which industry is Arriva associated with?	shipbuilding
What continent is Hess Mesa located on?	South America
Who was the designor of Dwarf Fortress?	Derek Wall
What artist released Dancing Tonight?	Kenny Dorham
What team is Cornelius Bernard Huggins affiliated with?	Vancouver Canucks
The Push-Button Kitty is part of a what series?	Merrie Melodies
Who was the discoverer of Vautrin?	Honoré Daumé
In which state is Kukrahati located?	Bhutan
What is the home stadium of Comerciário Futebol Clube?	Verdão
What kind of  occupation does David Byas have?	screenwriter
What is the birth date of Lady Henry Somerset?	1680
What is the national identity of Noël Valois?	Catalan
Who is Andries Bonger's sister?	Johanne Bonger
Of which country is Manfred Matuschewski a citizen?	Austria
What is Place Saint-Paul named after?	Saint-Paul river
Who was the publisher of The Sims Social?	Electronic Industries
What material was used for Profile Portrait of a Young Lady?	bronze
What piece of fiction does John Stape appear in?	The Wire
What language is Please Teach Me English written?	English
What was the year of International Institute of Administrative Sciences's inception?	1962
Which show does Eggtown appear on?	Chuck
Which is the manufacturer of Union Pacific Challenger?	American Locomotive Corporation
What company produced The Young Nurses?	DreamWorks Animation
What was Raimundo Soto's occupation?	actor
What is the cause of death of Jill Costello?	Jill's disease
What kind of  occupation does Mathias Schlung have?	mathematician
Who developed Spoliarium?	Carlo Collodi
What is Shamash-shum-ukin's father's name?	Yazdegerd I
What constellation is Messier 85 a part of?	Sagittarius
Which continent is Flagstone Bench located?	North America
What celestial body can Montes Cordillera be found on?	Mercury
What was the date of birth of Dijana Števin?	1 December 1995
What is the position that Jason Peake plays called?	goalkeeper
Which position was held by Richard Davies Ireland?	Archbishop of Canterbury
What kind of  occupation does Friederike Koderitsch have?	journalist
What network did The Adventures of Oky Doky air on?	ITV
In which continent is William Scoresby Bay located?	North America
Who was Walter Haenisch's paternal figure?	Hans Haenisch
The Danish Jewish Museum project's architect was who?	Jacob Franquart
What is the vocal range for Adalbert Kraus?	countertenor
Which state is Faceby located?	Norfolk
Who distributed The Lost Planet?	Philips Pictures
What city is the band The Teardrop Explodes from?	Manchester
Which is the league of Strømsgodset Toppfotball?	Marienlyst League
What city was The Wurzels formed in?	Elberfeld
To which fictional work does Sky Lynx belong in?	The Transformers: The Movie
What league did Pachuca Puerto Rico play in the top league for?	Puerto Rico Football League
What town is WQZL liscensed in?	Jacksonville
Who published IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence?	IEEE Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence Association
What was the date of Soyuz 24's launch?	7 June 1977
What vessel type is MS Magellan?	Grand-class cruise ship
Which was the constellation for NGC 3552?	Auriga
What city is David Meca associated with?	Bucharest
Of what series is The Gracie Allen Murder Case a part of?	Murder on the Street
Which company is known as the manufacturer of German submarine U-853?	Oderwerft
Where did Andrea Vaccaro live when he died?	Milan
What label was responsible for Carey Bell?	Sony BMG
What fictional work does Cai Fu exist in?	Dream of the Red Chamber
What is the place of birth of Sonja Kohn?	Budapest
What was Jahangir Mahmoudi's occupation?	actor
What is the full date that Battle of Suipacha crashed on?	9 September 1810
In what city was Karol Adamiecki born in?	Kraków
The publisher that published Indian Journal of Cancer is what?	Medknowl
In what city was Jorgelina Rimoldi born?	Turin
Which is the manufacturer of CP/M-86?	Digital Equipment Corporation
Player Lorry Nkolo plays for what team?	SC Beira
To which fictional work does Stella Crawford appear in?	Home and Away
What company makes Skyflash?	British Aircraft Corporation
The nationality of Jean Bertaut is?	German
Which was the country for Alle tijd?	Namibia
What year did Fadden Ministry start?	1933
Which company manufactured FM H-15-44?	FremantleMedia
Which series is From Where to Eternity apart of?	Vampire Academy
What year was A7V commissioned?	21 September 1918
What was Pierre Laporte's occupation?	architect
What is the position that Darren Petrie plays called?	inside forward
Which position was held by João Corso?	cardinal
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:GY?	International Organization for Standardize
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Reid (DD-292)?	Clemson-class submarine
In one word, how did Pablo Obregón die?	hunting accident
What was the date of death for Anthim I?	19 March 1585
What is the home city of Blackberry Smoke?	Orangeburg
What gender class does Filiz Koçali belong to?	male
Who made USS High Point (PCH-1)?	JA Jones Construction
What is the name of the performer that released the album Waitin' on a Woman?	Randy Travis
What company built Buick Regal?	Buick Motors
Who created The Best American Poetry 1993?	Louise Glücks
Who was 10,000 Dresses illustrated by?	Rex Allen
What show is Rick Deckard from?	All My Children
Who directed Coffee and Cigarettes?	Jim Brown
On what date did Toluid Civil War end?	1664
Which city was the birthplace of Charles Cottet?	Montreal
Which person is the architect of Redfern Town Hall?	George Allen Mansbury
What voice type does Fedora Barbieri have?	contral to theoprano
Who produced or published Johnny Guitar?	Republic Airways Holdings
What type of voice does Joan Carden have?	mezzo-srano
The mother of Charles Wesley is whom?	Dee Dee Bridgewater
The nationality of Edmond Lefebvre du Prey was what?	English
What is the native language of Nicolas de Malézieu?	Spanish
Which was the position that Jan-Erik Larsen held?	bishop
Which ethnic group does Bernd Rosemeyer belong?	Danish
Who acted in The Wild Ride?	William Garwood
What constellation is 3C 273 located in?	Andromeda
What is the astronomical body that Mount Sharp is located on?	Sharp Objects
What species is FANCM specific to?	species
What town or city does WSRS serve?	Statesboro, North Carolina
From what did Jimmy Neighbour die?	murder
Over what river does Robert Street Bridge cross?	Illinois River
What was the name of the architect who worked on Saluki Stadium?	360 Sports Complex
Which was the position that Domenico Carafa della Spina di Traetto held?	Grand Inquisitor
What is the name of Etchu Tabe's position?	defenceman
The publisher that published Le Parnasse contemporain is what?	Sage Publications
In which state is Gitzenbach located?	Munich
What kind of medical issue did El Fary have?	leukemia
What series is The Fisherman and the Jinni a part of?	Aziz Ansari
In what city did Léon Nicole die?	Toulouse
What is the gender Anne Hampton Brewster is associated with?	male
What year did Kykelikokos start?	1926
Which was the position that Marie-Christine Blandin held?	cardinal
What did Suzie Frankfurt die of?	brain cancer
What city was Sigi Feigel born?	Vienna
Who was John II Crispo's father?	Fiorenza I Crispo
What town or city does CFBV serve?	Saguenaw
The country for Grievous Bodily Harm was what?	Canada
Which was the manufacturer of Samsung Galaxy S?	Samsung Motors
What is the football position of Arnaud Lusamba?	goalkeeper
What year did Rexist Party end?	1946
The sex or gender of Jane Patterson is what?	male
Which war did Charlie Meyers serve in?	American Civil War
Which was the family of Crypsiphila?	Noctuidae
What date is associated with 11th Chennai International Film Festival?	2012
What illness did Marie Duplessis suffer from?	tetanus
What was Jack Cannan's career?	actor
When was Andromeda VIII found?	September 2003
What level is Coptodon imbriferna's iucn conservation status?	vulnerable
What is the full date that Aeroflot Flight 244 crashed on?	15 August 1970
What is the status of Przewalski's horse?	critically endangered
What is the series that Back Up, Dancer is a part of?	The Twilight Zone
In what living being can LAMP2 be found?	male
What league was USC Nouméa?	New Caledonia Third Level
What vessel type is USS Platte (AO-24)?	Columbia-class oiler
What artist was responsible for the creation of Thurian Age?	John Thurian
What programming language was used to write Pyjs?	JavaScript
What gender was İpek Derici?	male
Who was responsible for directing Mille chilometri al minuto!?	Raphael
What programming language was used to write Mlpy?	C++
What network did La mujer perfecta originally appear on?	La 2
What is the series that A Little Peace and Quiet is a part of?	Desperate Housewives
In which country did Vrinda Bhagat live?	Bangkok
Which performer released the album Chloe O'Brian?	Barry Humphries
What is the endangered status of Tor putitora?	critically endangered
Which place does Dark Sector exist in?	Poland
In which fictional universe does Angle Man exist?	Marvel Universe
In what year was Scient founded?	1986
What war did MAT-49 fight in?	Argentine Civil Wars
On what team is Marty Murray?	Winnipeg Jets
Who discovered Enceladus?	William Herskovitz
Who would be the first to discover 293 Brasilia?	Auguste Rodin
On what date did Discoverer 36 take off?	12 March 1961
The person that is the mother of John Carteret Pilkington is who?	La Crosse Pilkington
Player Graeme Johns plays for what team?	North Melbourne Football Club
What body of water does Ing River join?	Skagerrak
What constellation is Eta Arietis in?	Andromeda
What is the constellation that is made with COROT-7c?	Auriga
Who is Fantômas by?	François Mansart
What is the gender Kada Delić is associated with?	male
What kind of family is Raymondaspis of?	Cerambycidae
What is the position that Fabiano Eller plays called?	forward
Which was the manufacturer of Mitsubishi SUP?	Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
What is the gender of Gulzhanat Zhanatbek?	male
What year did Province of Brabant end?	1945
When is the date of birth of Alessandro Ligi?	12 February 1894
What is the name of the fictional universe that Lyssa Drak is from?	Marvel Universe
What country was Thomas Twining Keefler from?	Switzerland
Which channel broadcast Ghost Adventures?	Cartoon Network
Which instrument was Second Rhapsody written for?	violin
What was the date of birth of James Waterworth?	1847
What type of voice does Fedora Barbieri have?	contral to theoprano
In which war/battle did ASU-57 fight?	World War II
What production company was involved in Hum Pardesi Ho Gaye?	Star Cinema
To which performer does the album Satisfaction Is the Death of Desire belong?	Dying Earth
Which was the position that Floribert Kaseba Makunko held?	President of Ghana
What was Chris Whitehead's team?	Edinburgh Rugby
Which team does Sergiy Gladyr play for?	Milwaukee Bucks
In what language is Télé 7 Jours?	German
In what fictional work would you find a character named Angelo Rosetta?	EastEnders
By which company, Tata Prima has been manufactured?	Tata Motors
To which fictional work does Phyllis Summers belong in?	Summerside
What is the constellation that NGC 5562 is a part of?	Hydra
What was Krzysztof Jabłoński birth country?	Czech Republic
What nationality of Louis-Antoine Garnier-Pagès?	English
In which state is Pak Tam Chung located?	Kowloon
What network did On the Evidence originally appear on?	Evidence Network
What college did Steven D. Eppinger go to?	University of California, Berkeley
Which continent is Cape Morse in?	North America
Where network aired Katie and Orbie?	ITV3
Which sports team is Razaq Adegbite a member of?	ASO Chlef
Which was the nationality of Jacques Chastenet?	German
What city is Bailey Matthews associated with?	Melbourne
What state is Dorudkhan located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
Which college or university is related with Elijah Millgram?	Yale Law School
In what year did SVT-40 enter service?	1919
At what location did Jeanne Bourin die?	Bourges
What medical condition killed Nathaniel Branden?	prostate cancer
Which sports team is Mohammad Shahid Jabbar playing for?	Granada CF
From what city is the band Delain?	Delft
What is the name of the airport associated with Bluebird Airways?	Orlando International Airport
When was Smyrne Cassaba & Prolongements abolished?	1925
Which was the position that Dennis B. Danielson held?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
In the film Curse of the Black Widow, who was the star?	Dorothy Lamour
Odette Toulemonde a 2001 german drama film directed by ?	Michel Blanc
What is the universe that Monsteroso exists in?	DC Universe
By which company, HMS H22 has been manufactured?	Swan Hunter
In which year was Orsa Spelmän incepted?	1991
The artwork Ildefonso Altarpiece was by who?	Titian
What is the name of the fictional universe that Hawkwoman is from?	Marvel Universe
Which was the position that Anthony Gruszka held?	archbishop
What was the name of the discoverer of Caprotti valve gear?	Giorgio Caprotti
Which position was held by Johann Wittenborg?	mayor
What country did Sky Radio originate?	New Zealand
What was the cause of death of Marly Marley?	accident
Which is the license of Privoxy?	Apache License
Which was the position that Francisco Pérez de Prado y Cuesta held?	bishop
Which state is Basukedar located?	Dharwad Rural District
What is the programming language for IBM Notes?	XML
The father of Marguerite Norris is whom?	Charles Norris, Sr
What body of water was Culham next to?	Isle of Mull
Who is the 122 Gerda named after?	Gerd
What city did Günther Rücker live when he died?	Dresden
What team is Dave Bulthuis associated with?	Toronto Argonauts
Who is the architect for Linked Hybrid?	Stefan Lucks
Of what country is Hassan Rajab Khatib a citizen?	Iran
What language is Le Voyageur written in?	English
The sex or gender of Maja Jager is what?	
What city is Valley Public Radio located?	Columbia
Which is the license of MoinMoin?	Mozilla Public License
What is the name of the director of Amores perros?	Alejandro Gonzaga
Who was behind the discovery of Bunsen burner?	Bunsen
Which continent is Cape Felt in?	North America
What company produced The Song and Dance Man?	Columbia Pictures
Who was responsible for the direction of A Serious Man?	Eddie Robson
What college did Gopinath Kallianpur go to?	National School of Drama
Which company is the parent company of Shell Aircraft?	Shell Aviation
What is the name university that educated Ricardo Alfonsín?	National Autonomous University of Colombia
What country released The Even Chance?	Australia
What year was M48 Patton commissioned?	1951
What is the final year of Providence Grays?	1884
Who is the director of The Story of Paul?	Paul Émile Chabrol
What is the birthplace of Pietro Grossi?	Naples
What is Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service's parent company?	Department of Environment and Rural Development
What is Gaullism named after?	Charles-Auguste de Gaull
What company published Per Linguam?	Heinemann
When was House of Guitars launched?	1956
What is the name of the performer that released the album Imaginary Diseases?	Namie Amuro
The product of Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company is what?	locotive
Which fictional universe is John D. Rockerduck part of?	Duckworld
Which war was Charles Melville a part of?	Napoleonic Wars
Whom is Lamport signature named after?	Lamport County
What year was Draco Dwarf found?	1966
The voice type of Ekaterina Scherbachenko is what?	contralto
Which show is Motaro in?	Battlestar Galactica
On what channel did American Bandstand first appear?	A&E
By which company, Rainbow 100 has been manufactured?	Digital Research
Which is the body of water by Weilburg?	Saale
What is the university where Kate Bronfenbrenner went?	Harvard University
Which was the position that Karl Josef von Hefele held?	cardinal
Who is the Hamiltonian mechanics named after?	James Rowan Hamilton
By which company, Mitsubishi Endeavor has been manufactured?	Mitsubishi Assembly
Which is the distributor of Bang Bang Ball?	Bang Bang Entertainment
What network is Simply Sapney associated with?	VH1
What killed Barış Manço?	pneumonia
What is the name of Ibson's team?	Spartak Moscow
Which position was held by Françoise Laborde?	President of Haiti
Which company is the parent company of Shell Oil Company?	Royal Norwegian Shell
In which war/battle did Milan Ćopić fight?	First Balkan War
The sex or gender of Sarah Brockington Bost is what?	
What is the city of birth of Wang Xiaolong?	Wuhan
What gender was Daiva Rakauskaitė?	male
What is the series called that One of Us, One of Them belongs to?	The Walking Dead
On what continent can Knox Coast be found?	Antar
In which state is Olszewnica Stara located?	Gmina Góra Wielkie
What is the national identity of Michel Braudeau?	German
On what continent can Mount Gardiner be found?	North America
What was Torbjørn Clausen's career?	architect
In which year was Cosworth formed?	1951
The team FC Wil is a member of which sports league?	Kakkonen
What group was Hippolyte Hélyot a member of?	Dominican Order
On what team is Gabriel Beaupré?	Colorado Rapids
Which series was Final Grades in?	The Office
What was the name of the father of Inetkaes?	Danehill
What position did Serge Trinchero play?	goalkeeper
What is the name of the person who designed Wassily Chair?	Marcel Duchamp
Who had the role of director in Portrait of a Lone Farmer?	Diego Velázquez
The genus Lepidobolus is a part of what family?	Lepidobacteraceae
What family does Ogmoderidius belong?	Asteridaceae
What is the original channel that Office Gossip played on?	G4
Which lady gave birth to Catherine of Valois?	Mahaut of Châtillon
The year Robert Nettleton Field died was what?	1949
Which place does Virtua Tennis 2009 exist in?	South Korea
Which programming language is OpenNN written in?	Python
Which was the position that João Corso held?	cardinal
In which year Kreis Birnbaum ceased to exist?	1924
In what city did Jerónimo Xavierre die?	Mexico City
What league was Lakena United?	Tuvalu ADivision
What is the name of Paulo Helber's position?	forward
What was the year Brora distillery was formed in?	1884
What language is Les Nouvelles de Tahiti written in?	Catalans
Who is listed as Stephen Devereux father?	George Devereux
The country for Ghost of Relativity was what?	Singapore
What league was Allianssi Vantaa?	Allsvenskan
Who was the discoverer of Wireworld?	David Smith
The movie Lianna is by whom?	William Wyler
Which place is Hero of Tomorrow in?	California
What country was K. K. Usha in?	New Zealand
The cause of death of Betty Thompson is what?	heart failure
What airport is Philippine Airlines part of?	Mactan-Cebu Airport
Which league did FC Bazar-Korgon-Babur join with?	Belarusian Second League
What was the year KFXD was formed in?	1961
What artist was responsible for the creation of Fiesole Altarpiece?	Pietro Perugino
What is the date of death for Derek Shackleton?	24 May 2003
What label was responsible for Intifaxa?	Xanadu
What is the native language of Jean Joubert?	English
Which species has the FAM123B gene?	male
What species is NALP3 specific to?	species
What is the city of origin of The Cardigans?	Jönkönigsberg
Who was the architect that designed Charles L. Manson House?	Charles L Manson
What artist was responsible for the creation of Nonviolent Communication?	Marshall Herschel
What diseased did Daniel Kish struggle with?	deafness
What is the name of the airport associated with Cascade Airways?	Cascade Airport
What is the name of the continent where Nepal is located?	South America
The Porthos is based upon what?	A Short History of Athens
Who is the artist of Herzwerk?	Die Aktion
Where was Maurice Martens born in?	Lille
In which language Think Visual monthly football magazine reporting?	Visual Basic
Who published Hot Digital Tracks?	Chrysler
Which team does Emma Meesseman play for?	Indiana Fever
What material was used for The Big Fish?	bronze
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Billy Benyon?	Toronto Argonauts
The Randolph College was named for whom?	John Randolph
What nationality of Heinrich Albertz?	Dutch
What is Stephen Báthory's spouse's name?	Anna Báthory
What country is Jorge Reynolds Pombo from?	Argentina
What college did Rolands Bērziņš go to?	Lithuania University of Technology
Which college or university is related with Arthur Balfour?	Trinity College
In which fictional work is Gwen Norbeck Munson a character?	Torchwood
The director of Sherlock Jr. is who?	Babette Antczak
Which was the position that Mike Shirkey held?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Who is the artist of Wand'rin' Star?	The Sword of Truth
To which religious order did Egidio Mauri belong?	Society of Jesus
Which college or university is related with Hisashi Kobayashi?	University of Chicago
The architect of Moon Theater is whom?	Skidmore, Owings and Merrill
What was the record label of Lost Days?	Motown
Who is Abantidas's father?	Aristomachus
What company released The Man from Mexico?	Funny or Die
What did Gregor Piatigorsky die of?	kidney failure
The birth date of Coombe Hall is what?	1811
What is the name of the state where William Henry Ludlow House is located?	Illinois
What was Anders Magnus's occupation?	painter
In what year did 7.65×21mm Parabellum enter service?	1897
What company is Biological Resources Discipline part of?	United States Department of Energy
The Windsor Castle project's architect was who?	Harrison Albright
The song Leader of the Band is by what artist?	RI
Which family does Western dwarf gecko belong to?	Dytiscus
Which was the position that Frank Aguilar held?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Which was the position that Marie-Hélène des Esgaulx held?	archbishop
Who distributed Devil Dogs of the Air?	Paramount Pictures
By which person Guggenheim Museum Bilbao has been designed?	Frank Zappa
Which corporation was Mitsubishi Nessie created by?	Mitsubishi Motor Company
What is the name of the fictional universe that Nekron is from?	Marvel Universe
What country was Fawzi Benkhalidi in?	Pakistan
What nationality was Konrad Schily?	Dutch
Which species has the TOX4 gene?	species
What college did Rumana Monzur go to?	Moscow State University
What location hosts La Paz F.C.'s home games?	Estadio La Paz
What was the year R-77 entered service?	1991
What is the country STV Sports Centre is from?	United Kingdom
Who was in charge of Iran?	Hassan Sheikh Mohsin
What vessel type is USS Barker (DD-213)?	Fletcher-class destroyer
Who designed the Stationfall?	Nick Meretzky
What is Tomas Altamirano Duque's country of citizenship?	Chile
What is the series called that The Biggest Douche in the Universe belongs to?	Star Trek: The Next Generation
Which lady Vendela Skytte was born to?	Anna Näf
Who would be the first to discover 535 Montague?	George Henry Peters
What was Michaela Paštiková's occupation?	handball player
What town is WGFG liscensed in?	Gainesville
What is Miriam O'Reilly's place of employment?	Yale Law School
Which was the voice type that Dwayne Croft had?	countertenor
The publisher that published Digital Fortress is what?	Stargate Software
What stadium was Grêmio Esportivo Tiradentes?	Spartak Stadium
What piece of fiction does Greg Feeney appear in?	Coronation Street
What broadcasting company aired Tiswas?	Telecinco
Who is the director of the film, Raging Sun, Raging Sky?	D Ross Lederman
On what moon or planet can Ulysses Fossae be found?	lysses
What was the name of the director for Dolly's Scoop?	Cecilia Cheung
On what date was OPS 5117 launched?	9 March 1980
Who is the Benko Gambit named after?	Gambit Benko
Is Mattie Hite a male or female?	male
What position is played by Felix Wiedwald?	defenceman
What university did Pierre Bellon attend?	University of Paris
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Mount Vernon?	George Washington University
Where is Sotonera Lacus found?	Tremors
Which was the country for Anyar?	Netherlands
What work of fiction is Hannah McKay located in?	Dexmerdale
What is the name of university that educated Hector Munro Chadwick?	Princeton University
When was Jeantaud created?	1925
Who served as director for Sinners in the Sun?	William Garwood
What cause of death was listed for Frank Fernand?	suicide
At what location did Aimé Michel die?	Toulon
What is the name of Maleventum's record label?	Arista Nashville
The production company for The Proud and Profane was what?	Paramount Records
Who was Remismund's father?	Frederick II of Denmark
Of what river is Oli River a tributary?	Oka River
What is the birth place of  Matthias Henn?	Hamburg
In which conflict did Raymond Duchamp-Villon participate?	French Revolutionary Wars
What year did Comdial end?	dialog
What was the date of the official opening of Hagenow Land station?	15agenow Land
The astronomical body that Elysium Mons is on is what?	Io
What show is Kelly Boulter from?	Family Guy
The country for Sunny Skies was what?	Hong Kong
To which religious order did Wilhelm Gumppenberg belong?	Dominican Order
What city is WHEB located?	Swansea
What was the native language of Claude Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac?	German
The date of birth for Walther Damery is what?	15 March 1884
What is the birth date of Peder Hjermann?	12 February 1882
Which team is Dian Irawan a member of?	Persija Jakarta
Who was the person who directed Zvenigora?	Rudolf Platte
From what did Cephas Washburn die?	stroke
Who released Voodoo Woman?	American Experience
The product of Brin process is what?	hydrogen chlorate
What was Roger Delaney's career?	screenwriter
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book This is Not a Book?	Deborah Joy Waber
What company built Canon PowerShot SX520 HS?	Canon Corporation
What is the position of Hugo Ballivián?	President of Paraguay
What is the date of George Hanger, 4th Baron Coleraine's death?	18 September 1791
Which medical condition does Temple Grandin suffer from?	autinson's disease
What year was the end of Invacar?	1995
What town is WMXP-LP liscensed in?	Greenville
What is the series that The Captives of Kaag is a part of?	The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant
What company made Yamaha Nouvo?	Yamaha Motor Corporation
Who is the Beruniy named after?	Berukya
What artist created Midnight Awake?	Buck Owens
Which state is Zdanowice located?	Gmina Łódź
What team is Casey Cizikas on?	New York Knicks
What is the native tongue of Hermann Lindrath?	French
What is the position of Carl Anthony Fisher?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What was John Anthony Lennon's occupation?	composer
What nationality is Frédéric Duvallès?	German
What is the national identity of Alois Karl?	Dutch
What city did Ewald Kooiman live when he died?	Cairo
Who desigened USRA Heavy Pacific?	United States States Railroad Administration
Under whose direction was Mortel Transfert produced?	Jacques-Louis David
In what fictional work would you find a character named Namond Brice?	Les Misérables
When did 2nd Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival occur?	2006
What is the position that Mohamed Larbi Arouri plays called?	goalkeeper
Who is the director of Hibernatus?	Domenico Paolella
The HTC Desire HD was produced by whom?	HTC Desire
What team does Ryan LaCasse play for?	New York Islanders
Which species has the DPM3 gene?	species
What language is Wij houden van Oranje in?	Amsterdam
What country released Wibault?	Switzerland
The country of origin for Center Parcs is what?	Sweden
What company produced Sigma DP1s?	Aston Martin
Who is the illustrator of The Birds of America?	Robert Berks
When did Gare de Dieppe open?	1548
The Citroën XM was in what series?	supermini
What family does Rickett's big-footed bat belong?	Crambidae
What is Queen Elizabeth Way named after?	Queen Elizabeth II
In what year did KLWY originate?	1988
Who is the creator of Office at Night?	Dennis Potter
What team is Dale Purinton on?	New Jersey Devils
Who designed the Remington Model 14?	Remington Arms
Which position was held by Edward Scofield?	bishop
The nationality of René Alexandre was what?	German
Who originally recorded Prismophonic?	Sparrow
Which position was held by George Edwin King?	Premier of Nova Scotia
What position in football did Idrissa Mandiang play?	goalkeeper
Which player position does José Sebastião Pires Neto belong to?	forward
What family does Glenea belong?	Gelechiidae
Who was the architect involved with Reform Club?	Michael Stroudley
What kind of family is Caropsis of?	Crambidae
Which ethnic group does Giuseppe Saronni belong?	German
Which sex is Wafa Idris?	male
What is the director of Serndhu Polama?	Balachandra Menon
Who is Bofu's mother?	Mei Xiang
Who is the paternal progenitor of Dory Chamoun?	Abdoulaye Chamoun
In what living being can ETHE1 be found?	male
Which person was the architect of Šaloun Villa?	Branko Šaloun
What is the city of origin of The Dennisons?	Channel 4
What is the programming language for UltraVNC?	JavaScript
In what constellation can Iota Pegasi be found?	Pisces
What type of product does Brin process produce?	hydrogen chloride
What was Mark van Platen's career?	politician
What is the name of Serving You's record label?	Cleopatra Records
What city was Christophe Léotard born?	Bourges
Who is Alfonso Bonzo by?	Vittorio Salerno
What town is WQTL liscensed in?	Lafayette
What medical condition did Matthew Hopkins have?	tuber disease
At what location did Gerhard VII, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg die?	Rome
What is the name of the city Elmer Bedia was born in?	São Paulo
The father of Juan de Zurbarán was who?	José de Zurbarán
Who was the publisher of Perfect Dark?	Sega
What was the death date of Vladimir Košak?	18 May 1891
What was Philippe Clay cause of death?	heart failure
What language is SPO:) in?	Danish
In which state is Lenarcice located?	Gmina Łęczyce
Who was Menexenus's father?	Apollo
Player Brianna Kiesel played for which team?	Connecticut Sun
Which network is Out of the Wild available on?	Discovery Channel
Who made the discovery of 272 Antonia?	August Kopff
Which was the position that Trey Martinez Fischer held?	member of the Nevada State Assembly
Which lady Jean-Christophe Mitterrand was born to?	Catherine Mitterrand
What position did Jedd Ebanks have on the rugby field?	goalkeeper
What is the home ground of Jeju United FC?	Jeju World Championship Stadium
Where are the home games of Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis played?	Serejão
Who is the mother of Yang Tong?	Lady Wu
When was Afrika Korps abolished?	1944
The astronomical body that Euboea Montes is on is what?	Mars
What family lineage was Haifa bint Faisal part of?	Shaddadids
What war or battle involved Louis de Sancerre?	War of 1812
Which league did Búhos de Hermosillo join with?	Segunda División de México
What is the native language of Reinhold Hilbers?	French
What is Aer Turas's parent company?	ČKD
The team HBL F.C. is a member of which sports league?	Pakistan Professional Baseball League
What is the name of the constellation which NGC 3190 belongs?	Leo
What was the date of Abraham Hirsch's death?	1957
When is the date of birth of Christian Reinaudo?	19 March 1894
What was the date of the opening of Ylitornio railway station?	1973
Which player position has been associated with Michael Trajkovski?	goaltender
Where is Mons Hadley found?	Io
The production company responsible for Dead Man's Treasure is what?	Troma Entertainment
What is the product made by Milliken Mine?	gold
In what city did Walter Künneth die?	Dresden
Who is Rigunth's mother?	Ino
What is the name of the West Memorial Hall architect?	George Webster
What was the name of the architect who worked on Ladd Observatory?	Stone and Carpenter
What status on the endangered list is Hemipilia henryi?	endangered endangered
Which crime led to the conviction of Mark Dean Schwab?	tax evasion
At what location did Władysław Wróblewski die?	Gdańsk
Which species has the ERCC4 gene?	male
What voice type is Friedrich Weidemann?	contralto
What kind of  occupation does George Mary Searle have?	lawyer
Where did José Marchena Ruiz de Cueto study or work?	National University of San Marcos
What is the name of the state where Chah-e Amiq Ayisi Shirdal is located?	Jayedar Rural District
What is the name of the person who designed Typhoon Thompson?	Dan Gorbachev
On what continent can Gutenko Nunataks be found?	South America
What family lineage was Empress Gou part of?	Gou dynasty
The production company responsible for Death Racers is what?	The Walt Disney Company
What university did Harry Gabb attend?	University of Cambridge
What city did Jean-François Bautte live when he died?	Saint-Malo
What is the native tongue of Robert Antelme?	German
Which constellation is HD 224693 in?	Cygnus
What continent is Meyer Desert located on?	Antctica
Who assembled Enciclopedia Dantesca?	Vittorio De Sica
To which fictional work does Hannah McKay belong in?	Shortland Street
What is the birth place of  Giovanni Battista Zelotti?	Genoa
What is the sex or gender of Marta Čakić?	soprano
The continent that Berry Bastion is on is what?	South America
The film Out from the Shadow was directed by who?	William A Seiter
When is the date of birth of Janne Teller?	1947
What was Martyn Quayle's career?	singer
Which was the record label for III/IV?	Universal Records
What year was Galerie Richard formed in?	1951
What type of instrument is Orb and Sceptre designed for?	orchestra
What was the date of birth of Elias Ymer?	18 March 1891
What is the language Mundo Estranho is written in?	Portug language
By which person Brasília has been designed?	Otto Gebühr
The astronomical body that Valles Marineris was located on was what?	Moon
Who was the person who directed Tarkieb?	Tadeusz Spychaert
By whom was Gallium discovered?	Marc Delafontaine
What is the fictional universe that Salusa Secundus appears in?	Dorado universe
Which war did Paul Conrath serve in?	Spanish Civil War
What is the place of birth of Frank Wilton Baillie?	New Orleans
What team uses Huff Hall?	New York Knicks
Which is the date of death for Sari Abacha?	5 November 2015
What year was KSDJ formed in?	1991
Which sports team is Moritz Leitner a member of?	Borussia Dortmund
Who is the paternal progenitor of Music Note?	Shrapnel
What label was responsible for Inevitable Collapse in the Presence of Conviction?	Mute Records
Who was Remington Model 14 designed by?	Remington Arms
The father of Dino Dvornik was who?	Melanie Dvornik
What is the position of Philip Greening?	Governor of Vermont
What is the name of the Villa Isola architect?	Andrea Palladio
Who was Sitting on the Moon released by?	Columbia Pictures
What is Tracy Barnes's place of employment?	University of Texas at Austin
The nationality of Georges Sarre was what?	German
What network first aired TG5?	TG5
Who has acted in the film The Green Temptation?	Ruth Chatterton
The astronomical body that Dorsum Cushman is on is what?	Mercury
What position did Idriz Toskić play?	winger
Which war was Challenger 2 a part of?	American Civil War
What company is Apatit part of?	KHS
Which position was held by Jimmie Don Aycock?	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
What is the name of the state where Kaunas County is located?	Kaunas County
Where do Academia Desportiva Manthiqueira Futebol play their home games?	Batistão
What town or city does CKVI-FM serve?	Victoria
What killed Frederick Bayer?	heart attack
Who published Europa Universalis III?	Paradox Media Group
Which is the license of Xvid?	Apache License
Which team does Éric Dazé play for?	Chicago Blackhawks
What is De Gua's theorem named after?	Paul De Gua
Which was the family of Tischeria?	Crambidae
What state is Church Street Row located?	New Jersey
On what moon or planet can Hibes Montes be found?	Moon
What was Julian Roberts's career?	actor
What year did LD&ECR Class D come into use?	1892
What was Othmar Mága's career?	singer
Who was Marko Milošević's paternal figure?	Mladen Milošević
What was the record label of Läther?	Epic Records
The USA-132 was launched on what date?	14 May 1997
Which species has the POU4F1 gene?	male
Which was the nationality of Hwang Sun-mi?	Kinnish
What was the cause of Jean Carmet's death?	heart failure
What football league is Los Angeles Aztecs a part of?	North Coast Soccer League
The song Against the Night is by what artist?	Razor & Tie
What is the ending year of SynOptics?	2005
What country released E.N.G.?	Singapore
What is the home ground of FC Taraz?	Taraz Central Sports Complex
What artist was responsible for the creation of Ex-Voto de 1662?	Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Montfort
On what date did Progress M-5 lift off?	27 February 1990
Which was the creator of Un gars, une fille?	Guy Davidi
Which was the record label for The Soul Man!?	Epic Records
Which was the position that James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn held?	Lord Chancellor
In which state is City Center Square located?	Delaware
What voice type is Rachel Nicholls?	mezzo-oprano
What war did Eugen Müller fight in?	Thirty Years' War
Who created Dongdaemun Design Plaza?	Zaha Hadid the Elder
What is Engler system named after?	Friedrich Engler
What was the date of Mars 7's launch?	9 July 1973
What show is Stuart Neilson from?	EastEnders
Who was the designor of African Meeting House?	Asghar Farhadi
What continent contains Mount Eos?	Antctica
What country is Vladislav Belan from?	Slovakia
What is an ecological status of Cinnamomum walaiwarense?	Data Deficient
What is the position of Marcus H. Holcomb?	Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut
Who was the architect involved with Gehry Residence?	Frank Lloyd Wright
What disease did Fred Kaan suffer from?	Alzheimer's cancer
What was Abdulah Sidran birth country?	Iraq
The Crocodile Tears was in what series?	The Crocodile Man Tales
In which fictional universe is Comet Queen a character?	Marvel Universe
What is the original channel that Television Parts played on?	CBS
In what home venue does VfB Marburg play?	Stadion an der Gellertstraße
What type of instrument is used to play Mini-jazz?	guitars
Where did Frank Teschemacher live when he died?	London
What is the ending year of Taifa of Guadix and Baza?	1145
What is the name of the publisher of The Rebel Angels?	Duke University Press
Which team does A'dia Mathies play for?	Los Angeles García
Which city was the birthplace of Archie McQuarrie?	London
Who was the designor of Lola LC91?	Navistar International
Which designer was responsible for AutoZone Park?	Looney Tunes
What is the name of the airport where Aéro-Service is located?	Point-à-Pitre International Airport
Where does Provincial Osorno play home games?	Estadio Rubén Deras
What was Nadia Boubeghla's gender?	
What league did Wairarapa United play in the top league for?	Central Premier Division
What university did John Melady attend?	University of Michigan
What was George Kenneth Mallory's occupation?	actor
What river is Herbert River a tributary of?	Hudson Bay
What company published Economics of Transition?	Elsevier
In what language is Aozora Bunko?	Aozor
The father of Leo Müller was who?	Ernst Müller
Which series is Super Fun Time apart of?	Tom and Friends
Who is the paternal progenitor of Wulgrin III of Angoulême?	William VI of Angoulême
The mother of Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias is whom?	Maria Christina of Austria
Which position was held by Eli Dayan?	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Which planet is Capri Mensa located?	Moon
The C/2013 R1 was discovered by whom?	7 September 2013
Which crime Judy Moran is considered to have commited?	blasphemy
What caused Fred Crone's death?	leukemia
What studio produced Aathvaan Vachan?	Mahuaa Movies
To which country does Marie-Cécile Gros-Gaudenier belong as its citizen?	Cameroon
In what war did Louis Prosper Gros fight in?	Vietnam War
What nationality was Jean Danet?	English
The date of birth for Timothy O'Hea is what?	1946
Who was the person who directed Safety Second?	William A Wellman
What is the astronomical body that Uranius Tholus is located on?	Mercury
What river is Macal River a tributary of?	Tugela River
What college did Jonathan Lavine go to?	University of Toronto
What was Maikel Chang's team?	Seattle Sounders FC
What continent contains Predel Point?	North America
What position does Mickaël Marsiglia play on the field?	defender
Who made Web 2.0 known?	Tim O'Brien
Which state is Pyworthy located?	West Sussex
Of what series is It's a Trap! a part of?	South Park
Which language is Telva written in?	Telva
What state is Westminster Choir College located?	New York
What company is Core Research Center part of?	United States Air Force
When did Bertie Kerr's death occur?	5 July 1962
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Vincent Trocheck?	Pittsburgh Penguins
Who was the publisher of Advance Wars?	Advance Games
Which family does Methanocorpusculaceae belong to?	Methanomycetales
What fictional work does Emma Pillsbury exist in?	Gulp Fiction
Which sex or gender can Catherine Barclay be described as?	contralto
Who was the discoverer of 6239 Minos?	Johann Palisa
In what year was Gannon and Hands formed?	1895
What position is played by Tomasz Kędziora?	defenceman
What town is KDSC liscensed in?	Sisters, Washington
Which war was Robert Brown Potter a part of?	Spanish-- American War
What is the national identity of Francis Marmande?	German
To which series does Tot Watchers belong?	Seinfeld
Was Esther Ayuso male or female?	male
What network hosts Baazi Kiski?	Zee Marathi
What celestial body can Enipeus Vallis be found on?	Mercury
The star/galaxy HD 217107 c is in what constellation?	Pegasus
In what continent is Leitch Massif in?	South America
What is Anita Garibaldi's spouse's name?	Gianni Garibaldi
Who created Bush Tower?	Harri Koskinen
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Dongdaemun Design Plaza?	Chapman Taylor
Which ethnic group does Maria Barnas belong?	Dutch
Who was Dragontorc designed by?	Steve Meretzky
The country of origin for Kh-55 is what?	Bulgaria
What kind of  occupation does Jón Arason have?	film director
The date of birth for Carpoforo Tencalla is what?	1621
What is the university where William A. Wimsatt went?	Harvard University
When was C/1890 V1 found?	15 March 1890
Who is Massacre in Korea by?	Gustav Ucicky
The college Deena Dill attended was what?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
Who was the mother of Minos?	Doris
What is the name of the state where Mah-e Firuzan is located?	Poshtkuh Rural District
What is the name of university that educated Lino Guzzella?	University of Genoa
What is the cause of death for Dominic Behan?	lung cancer
Who is the director of The Human Centipede (First Sequence)?	Joan Daemen
At what location did Giacomo Moraglia die?	Venice
Which series is La Faute de l'Abbé Mouret a part of?	Lucky Luke
What team is Gift Motupa associated with?	Washington Mystics
Which state is Sar Gerik located?	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
What was the original network of Chessgame?	Discovery Channel
What year is T-40 associated with?	1940
What company produced Her Triumph?	Paramount Records
In which state is The Haining located?	Norfolk
What is the name university that educated Aneek Chatterjee?	Allahabad University
Which team is Arttu Luttinen a member of?	IF Brommapoj
Who is Ziggy Marley's sister?	Dee Dee Bridgewater
What company is Vintage Cellars part of?	Vitagraphics Group
What year was Windlight Studios created in?	2006
What is the native tongue of Emmanuel d'Astier de La Vigerie?	German
How did Graham Roope die?	lung cancer
What team does Rashard Anderson play for?	Miami Dolphins
To which fictional work does Brian Wheatley belong in?	Coronation Street
Which country does Per Henricsson belong to?	Denmark
What was the launch date of ICESat?	13 December 2003
What is the gender Efraím Rico is associated with?	baritone
What town or city does CJGO-FM serve?	Lacombe
What nationality was Gilbert Romme?	English
The mother of Epiphron is whom?	Tyro
What city was La Redoute formed in?	Toulouse
What artist released Por esa Puerta?	Natalia Revuelta
What is the position that Gustavo Caamaño plays called?	defender
At what location did Karl Groos die?	Halle
At what location did Léon Gaumont die?	Lyon
The song or album På egna ben came from which artiste?	Sveriges Radio
Which is the original network of Mob City?	TNT
What is the name of The Headless Children's record label?	Warner Bros
What is the ending year of Shaddadids?	1181
What was the name of the discoverer of 728 Leonisis?	Joel Hastings Metcalf
Which place does Cry Freedom exist in?	Egypt
What fictional universe is Angle Man a part of?	Wildstorm Universe
Which sports team is Jürgen Raab playing for?	FC Augsburg
Which family is Crucilobiceras a part of?	Crucilobiceradidae
What constellation is NGC 800 located in?	Camelopardalis
What city is Aleida Greve from?	Brussels
In which country did Madeleine Biardeau live?	Belgium
What kind of  occupation does Reza Sadeghi have?	writer
Who desigened Myst?	Randolph Scott
Where did Joseph-Louis Lambot live when he died?	Saint-Malo
Which crime Godfrey McCulloch is considered to have commited?	blasphemy
Who was George Darwin's mother?	Marian Darwin
What is the fictional universe that has Halmir?	Tolkien's Universe
The death of Alexander Thomas Emeric Vidal occured on what date?	1947
On what date did Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union end?	1989
Who desigened Beecraft Honey Bee?	Walter Moerdijk
Of what series is Crafting Mama a part of?	How I Met Your Mother
Which musical instrument is connected with Bagatelle sans tonalité?	violin
What country was Karoline Käfer in?	Finland
What language is New Oxford American Dictionary written?	English
What is year of inception of 6th Alpini Regiment?	1991
What was the name of the father of Édouard Bertin?	Louis-François Bertin
What was the noble family that Jakie Astor was from?	Astoridae
What country did Plumíferos originate?	Chile
Who is Alexander Hale Smith's father?	Charles Smith
The Colonel Sun has what character?	GI Joe
Which conflict was David Sprowle a part of?	World War II
What voice type does Luigi Antinori have?	baritone
Who is the director of Invasión?	Carlos F Borcosque
When is the date of birth of Paco Boublard?	1961
What airport is Star Perú part of?	Toluca
Which league did Sultanes de Monterrey join with?	Mexican Association
What type of tone does Francesco Maria Bonini sing in?	baritone
What team is René Monteagudo affiliated with?	Real Murcia
Where was Gustaw Herling-Grudziński born in?	Gmina Siedlce
Who served as director for Aybolit-66?	Tadeusz Spycha
What label was responsible for Too Wild Too Long?	Columbia Records
What nationality of Jordy van der Winden?	German
What was the founding year of Dubai Tennis Championships?	2007
Which soccer league is FC Mecklenburg Schwerin in?	NOFV-Oberliga
What city was Rezonance Q formed in?	Birmingham
Which director directed The Dark Knight Rises?	Lee J Lee
In what city did Chrystal Herne die?	Chicago
The artwork Isleworth Mona Lisa was by who?	Leonetto van der Goes
What was the date Luna E-8 No.201 was launched?	19 March 1969
What is Viola Slaughter's spouse's name?	Louis Slaughter
Which was the record label for Cripple Crow?	Columbia Records
Who was responsible for the design of Hôtel de Soissons?	François Mansart
What is the operating system used with Cython?	Microsoft Windows
Which was the family of Myoglossata?	Tephritidae
Which war did Friedrich Körner serve in?	Battle of the Pacific
What original network is Sen kväll med Luuk on?	SVT1
What college did Oliver Bevan go to?	Harvard University
What university did Choi In-ho attend?	University of Arizona
By which person Torre Picasso has been designed?	Pablo Picasso
What location hosts Borussia Mönchengladbach's home games?	Borussia Dortmund
What was the date of Martin Bond's death?	17 May 1882
What country released Blenders Pride?	Hong Kong
What voice type does Claire Croiza have?	mezzo soprano
Which was the record label for Raised on Radio?	Arista Records
The voice type of Marguerite Piazza is what?	mezzo-oprano
What was the name of the discoverer of Zariski ring?	Ernest Zariski
What is the product made by Quartz Mountain mine?	diamond
What studio realeased the movie Cross of Iron?	EMI Studios
The director of Donald and the Wheel is who?	Bud Cort
The astronomical body that Quetzalpetlatl Corona is on is what?	Moon
Which ailment caused the death of Vilayat Khan?	lung disease
What country was Dan Karabin in?	Iran
What city was Alfred Duvaucel born in?	Budapest
Who was the architect that designed Koppelpoort?	Pierre Cuvillier
What was the gender of Valentin Chetverkin?	male
Which family does Manokia belong to?	Geometridae
What cause of death was listed for Hans Jeschonnek?	hunting accident
Which was the position that Peter Michael Chenaparampil held?	member of the Lok Sabha
What country did Lilt originate?	Canada
What city is Yves Bouvier associated with?	Montreal
Player Benedikt Schmid plays for what team?	Borussia Dortmund
When was Chapel in the Hills created?	1967
What artist released The K&D Sessions?	KD Jones
On what planet is Geryon Montes on?	Mercury
Who became the leader of Houston?	Donald Duckworth
Which is the original network of Kitchen Criminals?	BBC
The architect of Centre Block was who?	John Acker
Who are the stars of the film Trinetra?	Suresh Gopi
What university did Peter Kurau attend?	University of Tartu
The The Daily Show was made by whom?	David Lehman
Was the death of Jean Casadesus an accident or suicide?	hunting accident
In what place did Lola Prusac die?	Budapest
What  is Roland Bättig's position on the field while playing football?	defender
What is Jonathan Osorio's position in football?	defender
What is the vocal range for Amanda Forsythe?	mezzo-srano
The director of Drummer of Vengeance is who?	Mario Morra
What city is WTLY located?	Toledo
What type of aquatic unit is USS Hopkins (DD-6)?	Fletcher-class destroyer
The architect of Weedpatch Camp is whom?	Works Progress Committee
What team is Lukas Kiefer associated with?	FC Stuttgart
What constellation is 12 Ophiuchi a part of?	Ursa Major
Which lady gave birth to John Sigismund Vasa?	Marie Louise González I of Austria
Who was the main designer of George Sturges House?	Irving Gill
What is the name of the place at which VfB Marburg played?	Stadion an der Gellertstraße
What company built Remington Nylon 76?	John Brown & Company
Which crime led to the conviction of Nasser Kara?	manslaughter
What is the astronomical body that Nanichi is located on?	Mercury
What war was Arthur Sinclair in?	Second Barbary War
What is the name of Nate Craft's team?	Miami Dolphins
Who is Thornfield's father?	William Thornfield
What fictional work does Lisa Hunter exist in?	Glee
What league did New Britain Rock Cats play in the top league for?	New York State League
What year did 13th government of Turkey start?	1954
What is the birth date of Shaun Meiklejohn?	21 January 1986
What is the vocal range for Andrzej Lampert?	bass
On what date did Progress M-8 launch?	30 August 1991
What company was Three Little Girls in Blue released by?	20th Century Century Fox
The Lebesgue measure was named for whom?	Jules Lebesgue
What business published The Suns of Caresh?	BBC Books
What company made Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi?	Yash Raj Productions
What is the astronomical body that Akna Montes is located on?	Io
What is the name of the stadium where Lupa Roma F.C. plays home games?	Racing dell'Accademia
What is the ending year of Smolensk Governorate?	1783
Who directed the film Chimmie Fadden Out West?	Frank Lloyd Wright
What is the university where Lyall Stuart Scott went?	Trinity College
The father of Sancha Raimúndez is whom?	Raimúndez Guzmán
The astronomical body that Beta Regio was located on was what?	Titan
Which family does Protorculidae belong to?	Geometridae
The designer for Villa Zeno was?	Andrea Mantegna
Which lady Take Charge Indy was born to?	Take-Two Lady
What was Soedjatmoko's occupation?	poet
What disease did William Baines contract?	tuber cancer
Which channel broadcast American Ninja Warrior?	G-TV
What city did Walter Bullock live when he died?	London
What is the position of Florian Bague?	member of the European Parliament
Which was the official year for the approval of RPG-40?	1939
What label was responsible for Ordinary World?	Columbia Records
What is the home city of Mortal Love?	Mortalovo
The person that is the mother of Valerian II is who?	Dhuoda
In the film Ski Troop Attack, who was the star?	Gloria Jean
What body of water does Bogan River join?	Bow River
Which team does Miles Zaharko play for?	New York Knicks
What was T. Maheswaran's cause of death?	Armenian Genocide
Which family is Cuban evening bat a part of?	Nyctimys
What was the noble family that Bodawpaya was from?	House of Wettin
Who is the illustrator of Everyone Poops?	Taraji P Henson
The Flynn effect was named for whom?	Michael Flynn
What football league is Sturt Football Club a part of?	South Australian National Football Championship
How did Hubert Klausner die?	cancer
What arena did Sporting Cristal play in?	Estadio Jorge Basadre
Which was the family of Broscosoma?	Crambidae
What year was R-77 introduced?	1991
The date of birth for Michael Collica is what?	1952
Which position was held by Lyman Trumbull?	Governor of Vermont
Which was the position that Edward O'Rourke held?	Governor of Connecticut
In one word, how did Enrico Tellini die?	suicide
Which was the official year for the approval of Bravia Chaimite?	1985
What kind of  occupation does Emily Gimmel have?	singer
The song Ding Dong, Ding Dong was by whom?	The Who
Of what country is Oliver Schnyder a citizen?	Sweden
Which network is Cannonball Run 2001 available on?	Seven Network
What is Claster Television's parent company?	Discovery Channel
What award was Hoop Dreams nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
What is the football position of Marek Jastráb?	goalkeeper
Which family does Indochinese flying squirrel belong to?	Pterodactylus
How endangered does the iucn consider Brookesia decaryi?	endangered endangered
What year was the end of Indian Legion?	1942
Of what country is Puig Aubert a citizen?	Germany
What is the name of the airport where Sterling Airlines is located?	Sterling International Airport
What work of fiction is Lieutenant Athena located in?	The Last Ship
On what date did Battle of Texel end?	18 August 1793
Which network does Hotel Impossible appear on?	Travel Network
What was the cause of death of Kirk Varnedoe?	accident
What nationality was Michèle Morgan?	English
What is the name of the state where Hudson's Bay Centre is located?	New Jersey
What war or battle did Jean-Louis Dubreton fight in?	French Revolutionary Wars
Which position was held by William H. Goldthorpe?	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
To which performer does the album Songs from the Recently Deceased belong?	Kris Dreifuss
Which is the distributor of Jai Chiranjeeva?	UTV Motion Pictures
Who found Osmium?	William Hyde Wollaston
Which ailment caused the death of Hannah Van Buren?	tuber disease
To which religious order did Franciszek Kareu belong?	Cistercian
The appearance of Ellen Harvelle is seen in what work?	Torchwood
The date of death for Lajos Tisza is what?	1957
What date did Thomas Smiley die?	1825
What was the name of Christina Rossetti mother?	Francesca Rossetti
Where do Sporting Cristal play their home games?	Estadio Miguel Grau
Who found 176 Iduna?	Auguste Charlois
What led to Cline Paden's death?	Parkinson'sculosis
Which soccer league is FC Kant in?	Umaglesi Liga
Who was Visbur's father?	Danehill
In what year was CN Marine formed?	2001
To which series does The Trouble with Trillions belong?	Seinfeld
To which fictional work does Benito Alessi belong in?	The Sopranos
What voice type does Marie Le Rochois have?	mezzo-srano
What is the iucn conservation status of Mindanao horned frog?	vically endangered
Who had the role of director in Open Grave?	Gonzalo López de Segura
What is the city of origin of Atomic Kitten?	Brighton
What is the university where William C. Kirby went?	Harvard University
What species is FBLN1 specific to?	male
What kind of family is Platagarista of?	Tephritidae
Of what country is José Henrique a citizen?	Mexico
What company manufactures SS Orbita?	William Doxford & Sons
What disease was a factor in the death of Tristan Corbière?	tuber cancer
Who is the illustrator of The Boy Who Grew Flowers?	Dave McKean
Which country does Cavin Lobo belong to?	Portugal
What is the name of The Electric Age's record label?	Columbia Records
What city did Karl Ernst Georges live when he died?	Vienna
Which soccer league is Örebro SK in?	Superettan Elite
Who developed The Lackawanna Valley?	George Inness Smith
The architect of Chicago Theatre was whom?	Cobb and Frost
Which is the date of death for Otto Tief?	22 August 1891
Which position was held by Karomama Meritmut?	Prime Minister of Libya
Who was the distributor of The Gnomes' Great Adventure?	Miramax Entertainment
What is the war during which William Blagheen was in the armed forces?	War of 1812
To which religious order did Jean Bilhères de Lagraulas belong?	Society of Saint Benedict
Who was responsible for directing Open Grave?	Gonzalo López de Segura
Which team does Philipp Netzer play for?	FC Augsburg
Who is listed as Gyo Obata father?	O Obata III
In which war did Robert B. Wood serve?	World War I
What is an ecological status of Burmese star tortoise?	critically threatened
What is the position that Manuel Rueda plays called?	winger
In what place did Theda Ukena die?	Lahore
Which family does Rhipsideigma belong to?	Tephritidae
Which production company is involved with Little Old New York?	PBS
What city did Remo Rossi live when he died?	Venice
What football league is Alacranes de Durango a part of?	Segunda División B
Which company is known as the manufacturer of Alfa Romeo 4C?	Renault
The disease that Arnold Struycken died of was what?	bone cancer
The architect of Ford Foundation Building is whom?	Kevin T Lyons
What constellation is where NGC 362 is?	Andromeda
In which state is Perry Lakes Stadium located?	Western Australia
What was T-Mo's occupation?	musician
Which director directed Two Happy Hearts?	Walt Disney
Who was the film director that directed Hercules the Avenger?	Maurice Elvey
What programming language was used to write Caveman2?	Caveman
Where did Philipp Schwartz live when he died?	Vienna
What species is TRIM33 specific to?	species
What language is Balamangalam written in?	Tamil
What disease caused the death of Karl Weyprecht?	depression
On what date did Annapolis Conference take place?	27 Annapolis
What was the record label of Earth and Sun and Moon?	Mercury Records
When was the launch date of Kosmos 467?	17 January 1971
What network broadcast Capital Gang?	VH1
What is Order of Cienfuegos named after?	Cienfuegos i Litván
The USS Brownson (DD-868) was named for whom?	J M Brownson
Who are the cast members of Navakoti Narayana?	Mammootty
What show is Brad Whitaker from?	One Life to Live
When was Southern Electric abolished?	1999
When was the inception of Americana Music Association?	1999
What was Joel Mustonen's team?	Lukko
What family does Toxicochlespira belong?	Crambidae
What city is Hieronymus Galle from?	Barcelona
Which family does Galanda belong to?	Tineidae
What is the position of Giacinto Gaggia?	abbot
What is the city of birth of Fred Beaver?	Lima
The point in time of Gloster VI was when?	1914
Which lady gave birth to Suthawan Sathirathai?	Sathirathai Thulasidas
What illness negatively impacted Jean de Brunhoff?	tuber disease
The manufacturer of USS Pinta was who?	Defoe Shipbuilding Company
What is the constellation that NGC 2452 is a part of?	Puppis
What city was Zuzana Vejvodová born?	Třebíč
Which lady Titus van Rijn was born to?	Lena van Rijn
Who published Artful Dodge?	Duke University Press
The date of birth of Arthur Gordon Matthew is?	19 March 1835
In what city did Marvin Minoff die?	Paris
What position did Kevin Friesenbichler play in football?	goaltender
When was Mersenne Twister discovered or created?	1987
What town is WQQB liscensed in?	Mississauga
What constellation is NGC 4517 located in?	Ursa Major
The college David Dawnay attended was what?	Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
What nationality was Muguette Dini?	Italian
On which continent is Phanagoria Island located?	Asia
The cause of death for Fernand Gignac was what?	leukemia
What is Trondheim Energi's parent company?	Trondheim Group
Who is the illustrator of Amy's Eyes?	Beth and Joe Krush
Which is the league of Tigres UANL?	2 Liga Interregional
What was Manfred Reyes Villa's career?	writer
What is the name of Da Bidness 2's record label?	MCA Records
What is the home city of Servite Order?	Sabadell
What type of product does CPS Energy produce?	funeral
Which is the league of FC Alay?	Azerbaijan First Division
What is the team that Peter Reekers is associated with?	SV Mattersburg
On what date did Johannes Tauler die?	15 February 1882
Over what river does Jennings Randolph Bridge cross?	Illinois River
What is the name of the state where Pajkovac is located?	Tutin
What is the national identity of Liliane Rovère?	female
In what place did Maria Koszutska die?	Kiev
Who was the designor of Fife House?	John Busby
What is the language of Gustave Dutailly?	German
The voice type of Barbara Kemp is what?	mezzo-srano
What is the position of Victor Hermann Balke?	mayor
The cause of death of Herbert Saffir is what?	stroke
What city is Zoltán Fülöp from?	Győr
What vessel type is USS Floyd B. Parks?	Fletcher-class destroyer
When was the launch date of Soyuz 36?	26 April 1980
What is Cecilia Renata of Austria's spouse's name?	William IV of the Netherlands
When was the birth of Matthew Brettingham the Younger?	1715
Where did Pierre Widmer live when he died?	Montreal
Which was the manufacturer of Yamaha YZ125?	Yamaha Motors
What was the date of death for Jean Goldschmit?	16 July 1882
Player Katrina Colleton played for which team?	Los Alamos Sparks
What city was Donis formed in?	Klaipahu
Who was the person who directed Lost and Found on a South Sea Island?	William A Seiter
What is the position of Patrick Joseph James Keane?	Prime Minister of Ireland
Which was the position that Andreas Panagopoulos held?	bishop
What company published Bumper Stars?	Ace Books
What gender was Roberto Tapia?	tenor
What continent is Hershey Ridge located on?	South America
In what fictional work would you find a character named Ghân-buri-Ghân?	Bible
Which state is Winslow Ames House located?	West Virginia
What state is Râmnicu Vâlcea located?	Vâlcea District
What country is Robert Henryson from?	Australia
What airport is Aerovías associated with?	La Isabela International Airport
What sports team was Sulayman Marreh a member of?	Persib Bandung
What gender class does Sun Laimiao belong to?	
Which place does Charlie Chan at the Olympics exist in?	London
What cast members where in Enter the Void?	J Michael Straczynski
The mother of Mette Newth is whom?	Oda Lupino
What team uses LaBahn Arena?	Ohio State University
What fictional universe is Blue Lantern Corps a part of?	DC Comics
At what location did Sam Bass Warner die?	Cape Town
Which singer-songwriter  is While Your Lover Sleeps the fifth studio album of?	Shelley Wilson
What type of submarine was SM UB-86 classified as?	German Type UB III destroyer
The date of Battle of Balaclava?	25 September 1854
What league did Hershey Wildcats play in the top league for?	A-Division
Who is the performer of Hello Hooray?	Sara
Who would be the first to discover Local Group?	Edmond Smith Dugan
Which is the position of Patrick Bettoni?	winger
Who is Angelica Page's mother?	Dorothy Page
Who is the architect of Brorson's Church?	Christopher Wren
The father of Green Moon is whom?	Green Dancer
Who was elected leader of Lucillos?	Patricia de la Garza Lucillos
What piece of fiction does Riley Costello appear in?	As the World Turns
What is the home stadium of FC Gold Pride?	Pioneer SoccerPlex
What vessel type is SM UB-84?	German Type UB III destroyer
What voice type is Derek Hammond-Stroud?	tenor
What continent contains DeZafra Ridge?	Antar
Which year did Werner Erhard and Associates end?	1953
In what city was Alistair Darling born in?	London
Which is the manufacturer of BigDog?	Foster-Miller
What type of aquatic unit is USS Dragonet (SS-293)?	SS-542-class submarine
Which place is Irreversi in?	New Zealand
What is the vocal range for Johanna Peters?	countertenor
Who is listed as Istabraq father?	Abdi-Abdi
What was the cause of death for Sarah Conlon?	breast cancer
Who was the director of Querelle?	Ondi Timoner
What programming language was used to write ZBar?	Perl
Which was the nationality of Claudine Auger?	English
Which position was held by William Livingston?	Governor of Vermont
What was Chanel Iman's career?	model
What date did Lincoln Plumer die on?	1904
Which medical condition afflicts Earl Hooker?	tetanus
Who worked on designing USRA Heavy Santa Fe?	United States Railroad Association
What kind of medical issue did Menachem Zilberman have?	heart failure
What city is Perri O'Shaughnessy associated with?	California
Who is listed as Rock Sand father?	Celtic Sea
On what channel did ESPN Major League Soccer first appear?	American Broadcasting Company
In what place did Georg Hainz die?	Hamburg
What was Rasmus Walter's career?	politician
The appearance of Paul Ryan and Meg Snyder is seen in what work?	Asylum
The Dragon C2+ was launched on what date?	22 April 2012
Which was the creator of EFF Pioneer Award?	Electronic Arts
Which was the creator of Winter Night in the Mountains?	Alexander Calder
Who was responsible for the design of Palau Güell?	Antonio da Sangallo
What is the name of the instrument Kreisleriana was composed for?	flute
What country is Maximos Salloum from?	Lebanon
Where can you find the show Neem Ka Ped?	Zee TV
What team is Radek Philipp affiliated with?	1 FC Slovakia
The country of origin for Wild Case Files is what?	United Kingdom
In which language is Paris-Soir made in?	English
What is the date of birth for Marina Lewycka?	1 January 1964
Which lady Guy II of Ponthieu was born to?	Helena of Flanders
What was Peter Reville's career?	screenwriter
What is the name of the performer that released the album Funktafied?	Takoma
In which language is Syn og Segn made in?	Finnish
What continent is Holland Range on?	North America
What was the founding year of Duchy of Modena and Reggio?	1815
What is the name of the person who designed USRA 0-8-0?	United Railroad Administration
The nationality of Jacques Doillon was what?	German
What airport does Asia Atlantic Airlines operate out of?	Suvarnabhumi
Which was the constellation for HD 126614?	Centaurus
What is the director of Gharana Bullodu?	P Bhaskaran
In one word, how did Socrates die?	accident
What company is American Snuff Company part of?	Pinnacle Foods
Who was the person who directed Castle of Blood?	Giorgio Simonelli
The person that is the mother of Ben Castle is who?	Linda Dickson
Which place does The Garden of Last Days exist in?	Texas
What city was Gypsophilia formed in?	Stellenborg
What product does Tunturi produce?	sportswear
What kind of  occupation does Sylvia Fraser have?	politician
Who designed the .45 Super?	CCI
What is the ending year of Danvignes?	1928
What team is Kevin Ara affiliated with?	Cleveland Cavaliers
On what planet is Sif Mons on?	Titan
The point in time of Karaiskakis Stadium disaster was when?	8 August 1981
The movie Nostalgia for the Light is by whom?	Patricio Guadalupe
In what year did M24 Sniper Weapon System enter service?	1972
Of what series is Made to Suffer a part of?	South Park
Which state is Kodangallu located?	Tamil Nadu
In what city did Aleksa Šantić die?	Bosnica
What is the name of the person who designed Emerald City Confidential?	Dave Lebling
What was the record label of Deer Creek Canyon?	Warner Music Group
Which series is Peculiar Lives a part of?	Time Hunter
Who developed LSWR T3 class?	Dugald Drummer
What year did Richard Okada die in?	17 May 2014
What was the date of Felix Braun's death?	19 July 1844
Who are the cast members of Pearls of the Crown?	Gustav Fröhlich
What is the native tongue of François Baroin?	German
What is the native language of Jean Madiran?	German
Which family does Paramarbla belong to?	Lymantriaceae
What business published General Chaos?	Sega
What is the name of the constellation where NGC 7424 belongs?	Hydra
Who developed Cubi XII?	Cubi Software
What is Hölder's inequality named after?	Hölder von Ritterheim
Which is the original network of Lipshitz Saves the World?	MTV
In what city was Paul Shambroom born?	Liverpool
What country did Catching Milat originate?	Canada
What team does Elmore Spencer belong to?	Los Angeles Kings
On what moon or planet can Dorsum Von Cotta be found?	Venus
What constellation is HD 157662 in?	Andromeda
The Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup is based upon what?	Dungeon Crawl
When was Cullinane College established?	1909
At what position on the field did Henry Javier Hernández play football?	defender
What is the ending year of Ani?	1922
Who featured in the film Vuelve el ojo de vidrio?	Alejandro González Ibarra
Which country's citizen was Andrzej Poczobut?	Slovakia
The artwork The Rainbow Landscape was by who?	Jacob van Ruisdael
What year was Cengage Learning established?	2005
In what place did Carlo Contarini die?	Venice
What year did Java War start?	1866
In what year was Papillion-La Vista South High School formed?	2002
What is the name of Simon Leonidsson's team?	Landskrona BoIS
What is Romina Power's spouse's name?	John Power
When was the birth of Chriss Rune Olsen Angvik?	20 August 1882
What was Tammy Leitner's city of birth?	Lima
On what instrument is Trois mouvements de Petrouchka played?	flute
On what celestial body is Libya Montes located?	Mercury
Which was the constellation for HD 28185?	Reticulum
What league did El Paso Chihuahuas play in the top league for?	Pacific Coast Soccer League
Which was the position that Bernard du Bec held?	cardinal
What arena did Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis play in?	Verdão
What was R. Kanagasabai Pillai's career?	writer
Which woman was the sister of Kanzi?	Nana
What was the name of the discoverer of 415 Palatia?	Max Ernst
When was Black Astrum established?	2009
By which person Manila Jai Alai Building has been designed?	Wolff Schoemaker
Which family is Ancylometis a part of?	Noctuidae
What is the sex of Laura Juškaitė?	
The ATF Dingo was produced by whom?	ATF Firearms International
In what place did George Siravo die?	Rome
What constellation is HR 4796 located in?	Scorpius
Which was the country for Mieskuoro Huutajat?	Lithuania
What was Alby Sheehan's occupation?	screenwriter
What does Mei River flow into?	Meiure
By which body of water is Osnabrück located?	Oder
The person that is the mother of Banba is who?	Harmonia
Which place does Couldn't Be Fairer exist in?	London
What noble family was Za Dengel part of?	Solomonic Wars
What is the name of Theodore Brentano father?	Edward Brentano
Who discovered the Web 2.0?	Tim O'Sullivan
The nationality of Maurice Sachs is?	English
On what date did Battle of Sasireti occur?	682
What is the name of the fictional universe that Badrock is from?	Forgotten Realms
What city was Popi Tsapanidou born?	Greece
What nationality is Karole Rocher?	English
Where did Isaac Ouwater live when he died?	Toulouse
What position was played by Miloy?	defender
The college Bruce Turner attended was what?	University of Glasgow
In what living being can ASH1L be found?	male
In the film The False Faces, who was the star?	Dorothy Lamour
Which family is Elekmania a part of?	Geometridae
What was the position of Andrejs Piedels?	forward
Where did Cao Yu study or work?	China University of Petroleum
Which war was Henry Bouquet in?	World War I
Who was the publisher of Norse Gods and Giants?	BBC Books
What city did Joan Waste live when he died?	Worcester
What is the date of Charles Harry Moody's death?	1955
In what language is Dinaman?	Nepali
By which company, AMC 35 has been manufactured?	Renault Automobiles
What is the name of the publisher of Canadian Geotechnical Journal?	National Meteorological Society
What body of water does Sazliyka join?	Lake Ladoga
What country was Kesz Valdez in?	Mexico
What was Pierre Dreyfus's city of birth?	Montreal
What artist was responsible for the creation of Silmaril?	Cornelia van der Rohe
In what war did François Étienne de Kellermann fight in?	French Revolutionary Wars
What is the product made by Giant Mine?	uranium
What river does Zusha River turn into?	Gulf of Finland
What is the conservation status of Haematopinus oliveri?	Data Deficient
The appearance of Mercedes Jones is seen in what work?	Drones Club
What nationality was Pascal Arrighi?	French the Elder
What is the national identity of Jean-François Revel?	English
Which company is the parent company of PTT Global Chemical?	PTTT Inc
Where was Mary Ellyn Caasi from?	United Kingdom
What is the gender Zita Urbonaitė is known by?	soprano
Which was the official year for the approval of SV-98?	2002
What team did Christian Fischer play for?	Fischer-Petersen
What is the birth place of  Mitchell Kutney?	Toronto
The architect of Walt Disney Concert Hall was whom?	Frank Lloyd Wright
What nationality was Camille Sée?	English
In what year was Camden Society created?	1858
The astronomical body that Mare Tyrrhenum quadrangle was located on was what?	Mercury
Which soccer league is Palau Track and Field Team in?	Palau Baseball League
What company produced Colt Anaconda?	Colt's Manufacturing
Who is listed as Gen. Duke father?	Genghis Khan
In which fictional universe is Gennady Komov a character?	Stargate
Which is the basis of The Girl in the White Coat?	Les Misérables
Whom is Architype Van Doesburg named after?	Theo van Doesburg
What date did Archduchess Maria Luisa of Austria, Princess of Tuscany die?	5 October 1791
The show Radha Hi Bawari originally aired on what network?	Sahara One
What is Bethan Benwell's place of employment?	Cornell University
Which lady gave birth to Emmett Till?	Loretta Young
Which gender is Ifeoma Okoye?	male
Which war did Edward Swatton serve in?	World War I
What was the position of Bosun Ayeni?	winger
To which series does Skinner's Sense of Snow belong?	Doctor Who
Which family does Sigmoidotropis belong to?	Tineidae
Player Jean-Pierre Bade plays for what team?	Stade Lavallois
What was Ottorino Sartor's position?	winger
To which religious order did Kasper Drużbicki belong?	Cistercian
What is the name of the airport where LAM Mozambique Airlines is located?	Maputo National Airport
In which war did Lincolnshire County Division fight?	Second Boer War
What family lineage was Anne Pierre d'Harcourt part of?	D'Harcourt
Which company is the parent company of Streamline Air?	Republic Airways Holdings
What group was Giovanni Battista Audiffredi a member of?	Premonstratensian
What network is Bam's Unholy Union associated with?	CBS
Which describes the sex or gender of Seymour Fagan?	baritone
What team is Gavin Dacey affiliated with?	Castleford Tigers
The father of Hussain Aga Khan was who?	Maha el-Samnah
What town or city does WPQR serve?	Coaling
The birth date of Jake Robertson is what?	21 December 1981
What year did Second Cabinet of Donald Tusk start?	2007
The astronomical body that Samara Valles is on is what?	Io
What was Trevor Marmalade's career?	singer
What city is CJCW located?	Sussex County
Which position was held by Robert Crozier?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
What was the year NASAMS entered service?	2011
Which place does L.A. Doctors exist in?	Los Ranchos de Albuquerque
Who is the architect for Manhattan Life Insurance Building?	Kimberly, Thompson and Lawrie
What is Adelaide of Maurienne's spouse's name?	William IV of France
The cause of death of Otis Young is what?	kidney failure
In what war was Edward Gribben a combatant?	Spanish-- American War
The college Reed Wickner attended was what?	University of Michigan
Which series is Bride of Chaotica! apart of?	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
The college Louise Sandhaus attended was what?	University of Wisconsin-Madison
What business published Cabela's Monster Bass?	Midway Games
The date of Q150?	2010
What was the name of the father of Alexios II Komnenos?	Manuel I Komnenos
The nationality of Samantha Bentley is?	German
What is the endangered status of Raorchestes kaikatti?	vulnerable
Who are the cast members of The Man Hunter?	Dennis Price
What was the native language of Claude Jade?	German
What is the name of Cocky & Confident's record label?	Virgin Records
The astronomical body that Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle is on is what?	Mercury
The song or album Virginia Plain came from which artiste?	The Rolling Stones
What is the position of Andrew Fisher?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
What type of instrument is Davidsbündlertänze designed for?	flute
Which artist is Um, Uh Oh co-written and recorded by?	Kara-Tur
What family does Balsamocitrus belong?	Citrus
Who was the star of Manly Times?	Lon Chaney
What is the date of birth for Mario Lusiani?	19 March 1894
Of what country is Thomas David Morrison a citizen?	New Zealand
Which is the designer of Bombuzal?	Antoni Gaudí
What kind of family is Cololabis of?	Tortricidae
Who directed the film Nina Frisk?	Rainer Werner Fassbach
What company manufactures HMS E45?	William Beardmore and Company
The date of birth of Kauraka Kauraka is?	20 January 1981
The disease that Kerry Packer died of was what?	kidney cancer
What is the birth date of Mohindra Boodram?	1 December 1971
What is the name of the director of Within the Woods?	Sam R Monroe
What was the record label of Damnesia?	EMI
Who was the architect or designer of RMIT Design Hub?	Sean Godolphin
Which year did Yorkshire Electricity end?	1998
What artist was responsible for the creation of Lying Cow?	Edward Burne-Jones
Who designed the Civilization II?	Sid Meier
Who is St Mark's Body Brought to Venice by?	Titian
What is the ending year of Comdial?	dialogue
What was Paulina Rivoli's range?	contralto
What was Jo Hallows's occupation?	politician
Which company is the parent company of Vespa?	Peugeot
What year did BMD-1 come into use?	1966
What is the constellation that is made with NGC 6871?	Sagittarius
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Cycle of the Werewolf?	Bernie Sweeney
What town or city does WSVO serve?	Champaign
The OPS 9794 was launched on what date?	14794
What was the original network for Classic Goldie?	A&E
What artist was responsible for the creation of Pushing Daisies?	Tina Turner
What is the university where Larry Wortzel went?	University of California, Berkeley
What was Chelan Simmons's occupation?	rugby league player
In which fictional work is Cheshire Cat a character?	Thomas & Friends
In what city did Marie Gasquet die?	Montreal
Due to which disease did Paul Éluard die?	leukemia
What is the fictional universe that Gollum appears in?	Cthulhu Mythos
What is the native tongue of Georges Brassens?	German
The Southeast Library project's architect was who?	Rafael Viñoly
What award was Sundays and Cybele nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
What is the university where John James Appleton went?	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
What body of water was Landshut next to?	Isarctica
Which was the country for Tieta?	Finlands
What programming language was used to write K3b?	Java
Which family does Blepharomima belong to?	Crambidae
In what city did Abel Schrøder die?	Bergen
What is the home venue of Deportivo La Coruña Brasil Futebol Clube?	Estádio Eduardo José Farah
What country did Ragalaipuram originate?	Thailand
Where did Victoria Vistas play home games?	Royal Academy of Music
In the film UFOria, who was the star?	Fred Ward
Which family does Malacoraja belong to?	Tineidae
When did 21st Venice International Film Festival occur?	1961
What fictional work does GCU Grey Area exist in?	Excession, Part I
What medical condition killed Lamar Hunt?	prostate disease
What is the name university that educated Eduardo Sartelli?	Juilliard School
What does West Hickory Bridge cross over?	Connecticut River
Which soccer league is Salt River Rafters in?	Arizona Diamondbacks
Which series was From Where to Eternity in?	Vampire Academy
What kind of family is Euthycera of?	Geometridae
The distributor of Goddess Remembered was whom?	National Film Board of Australia
What is Joaquín Nin-Culmell's place of employment?	Harvard University
The college Peter Pershan attended was what?	University of Oxford
What is the country SR 88 is from?	Thailand
What nationality is Pierre Marraud?	English
Which channel broadcast Comedy World Cup?	Network Ten
What series is The Four False Weapons from?	Doctor Who
What was Magic Slim's career?	musician
The gender of Zhang Penghui is what?	male
When was The Summer Slaughter Tour launched?	2005
Which country is Peter Urlich from?	Canada
Which was the position that Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz held?	President of Mexico
What year did Trove start?	1921
Which was the family of Pseudobrephos?	Carabidae
Who was the performer of Real Life Hits?	Johnny Cash
Who was 3D Dotty released by?	Blue Sky Studios
On what planet is Peace Vallis on?	Moon
What is the series called that Image in the Sand belongs to?	Star Trek: The Original Series
What label was responsible for Metal Box?	Mute Records
What was the native language of Jacques Blanc?	German
Which was the country for Télérama?	Canada
What species is SGEF specific to?	species
In which war did Matt Whitaker Ransom fight?	Spanish-- American War
Which was the position that Joseph Ignace Randrianasolo held?	cardinal
What nationality of François-Isidore de Ricard?	Catalan
Which position was held by William Greenfield?	Archbishop of Canterbury
Which position was held by Pierre Théoma Boisrond-Canal?	cardinal
What airport does Malawian Airlines operate out of?	Lilongwe Airport
Who was the architect that designed Southeast Library?	Ricardo Bofill
Who was Hey, Al illustrated by?	Douglas Sirk
In what city was Gabriele Castagnola born in?	Genoa
In which fictional universe does Brother Blood exist?	Wildstorm Universe
Who was Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology illustrated by?	Greg Johnson
What label was responsible for Ph'lip Side?	lip Records
Who developed ARM Cortex-A9?	ARM Technology
What state is Bienduszka located?	Gmina Góra Wielkie
What team does Vitalie Bordian play for?	FC Poltava
What is the final year of Harsha?	1271
The date of death for François Marie Peyrenc de Moras is what?	19 March 1809
Who acted in The Baldy Man?	John Wayne
What is the surface of Black Rock Bridge made of?	stone
Which country's citizenship does Charles Vallin hold?	Sweden
What year was the end of Otpor!?	2005
What is the name university that educated Maaza Mengiste?	New York University
What is Donets named after?	Konstantin Donets
Who directed the film Ah, L'Amour?	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
What is the birth place of  La Fouine?	Sainte-Marie
Who originally recorded Darts of Pleasure?	Darts of the Dead
Which was the family of Urakawites?	Saturniidae
To which performer does the album My Sound belong?	The Who
Who was responsible for the design of RMIT Design Hub?	Sean Godolphin
What series is the episode Here Comes Treble part of?	The Simpsons
What is the position of Rosemary Mulligan?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What year did Granville Brothers Aircraft end?	1940
What architect designed Voortrekker Monument?	Gerard Moerdijk the Elder
What town or city does KVFC serve?	Bishop
Which was the record label for Tell Me True?	RCA Records
What was the record label of The Transit Rider?	Arista Records
The voice type of Wallace Brownlow is what?	bass
Which airline hub does Grozny Avia operate out of?	Ulyanovsk Novy Airport
What is the original network of Kya Dill Mein Hai?	Yash Raj Films
What team does Alexandru Gațcan play for?	FC Dinamo Riga
What disease did Adolphe Ferrière suffer from?	blindness
Who was Jacob Richler's father?	Daniel Richler
What does Jacques-Cartier River flow into?	Saint Phalle River
For which sports team does Alipate Fatafehi play?	Al-Khor Sports Club
Whom is 2 Pallas named after?	Pallas Athena
What caused Cliff Osmond's death?	lung cancer
The appearance of Boxey is seen in what work?	Babylon 5
What musical instrument is L'isle joyeuse associated with?	flute
What is the date of Henry Templer Alexander's death?	1947
What was the date of death for Beatriz Costa?	15 January 2014
Who is the Kochite named after?	Koch brothers
What status on the endangered list is Osteobrama neilli?	least threatened
What city is CHNC-FM located?	North Bay
What town is CIDO-FM liscensed in?	Quebec Nordiques
In which fictional universe does Captain Universe exist?	Captain Universe
Which sex is Bibhu Bhattacharya?	
What musical instrument was Canticum Sacrum created for?	violin
The Copyleft is based upon what?	copypyle
Which is the manufacturer of SS Suevic?	Swan Hunter
Which year did De Sanzy end?	1924
Who distributed The Golf Specialist?	RKO Records
What is the programming language for AnthillPro?	C++
What arena did Sport Boys play in?	Sportplatz 3 Sapins
What is the name of the constellation where HD 104067 b belongs?	Corona Australis
In what city was Jorien Voorhuis born in?	The Hague
Which family is Milagros' tiger a part of?	Zygaenodon
What company made To the Ladies?	Parasol
Who made SS Suevic?	William Doxford & Sons
What body of water was Theodore Roosevelt Island next to?	East River
What is the date when 2009 Pel-Air Westwind ditching happened?	18 June 2009
What is Tait conjectures named after?	William Tait
What is the name of the state where Gmina Sienno is located?	Wrocław County
In which year Taifa of Tortosa ceased to exist?	1066
Which was the record label for Kill Your Own?	Kill Rock Stars
The disease that Moses Khumalo died of was what?	suicide
What year was MTU Friedrichshafen formed in?	1931
What year was Tiger II commissioned?	1957
What was the name of Roald van Hout's team?	FC Oss
On what date did Mars 2MV-4 No.1 launch?	24 August 1962
What is the ending year of Olimpija Rīga?	1990
In which war did Michael Fleming Folland participate?	War of 1812
What is the date of death for Faheem Hussain?	27 January 2013
In which year Appenzell ceased to exist?	1925
Which series is Gropos apart of?	Tales of the City
The nationality of Florian Gerster was what?	French
What is the birth date of Rene Claudel Mugenzi?	1 January 1986
What city did Alfonso Carafa live when he died?	Bucharest
Player Jeff Piercy plays for what team?	Edmonton Eskimos
Who is the creator of Philip Marlowe?	James Earle Fraser
On what date did Arthur Bywater expire?	5 February 1882
Who is the designer of Civilization World?	Brian Reynolds
What was the name of Fredrik Semb Berge's team?	Halmstads BK
The country of origin for Atlanta Baroque Orchestra is what?	United State of Georgia
In which country did Christine Lund live?	Norway
Who is Wilhelm Friedemann Bach's father?	Joachim Bach
What is the home city of Alamo Race Track?	Amélie
What was the date of Chang'e 5-T1's launch?	23 September 2014
On what date did Johann Joseph Keel expire?	18 February 1844
What medical condition did Manolo Reyes have at the end of his life?	Parkinson's cancer
Which was the family of Aplectropus?	Geometridae
In which conflict did Silas Casey participate?	American Revolutionary War
What team is Dennis Vial associated with?	Los Angeles Kings
What company published Corpse Marker?	Cinematronics
Which language is Nälkämaan laulu written in?	Estonian
What position is played by Ralf Fährmann?	defender
What is the home venue of Sport Boys?	Sportplatz 3 Sapins
Who was responsible for directing The Sea Inside?	Aleksi Mäkelä
What was the production company for That's Dancing!?	Metro-Goldwyn-ayer
What state is Wells-Twyford House located?	Maryland
What medical condition does Mel Stewart have?	Alzheimer's cancer
In the film Women Who Flirt, who was the star?	Diana Dors
During which historic war was Leslie Jacob Rummell an officer?	Vietnam War
Which is the stadium of São Carlos Clube?	Baenão
Which country's citizen was Rupprecht Geiger?	German Empire
What is Kimberley Shaylor's gender?	
Player Tombi Bell played for which team?	Seattle Storm
What is the constellation that is made with TrES-1b?	Scorpius
What is the original network of The Flockton Flyer?	Seven Network
What type of voice does Andrew Staples have?	Staples Center
What city is Belus Prajoux from?	Saint-Denis
What position does Gino Coutinho play on the field?	winger
Which was the nationality of Alain Richard?	German
At what location did Johannes Stöffler die?	Vienna
What kind of  occupation does Maggie de Vries have?	journalist
What is the city of origin of The Libertines?	New Jersey
What species is DTWD1 specific to?	male
What team uses Rupp Arena?	Brisbane Broncos
What country was Tudor Cataraga in?	Bucharest
What nationality is Jeanne-Marie Sens?	German
The college Gerry McNamara attended was what?	St John's College
What airport is Armenian International Airways associated with?	Tbilisi International Airport
What kind of  occupation does Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons have?	architect
Which production company is involved with Batman Forever?	The Asylum
Who was W88 designed by?	Los Alamos National Labs
The publisher that published Oregon Blue Book is what?	Oregon Department of State
The death of Ethel Hudson occured on what date?	1957
What country did Arisa Pitha originate?	Sri Lanka
Who is the Soxhlet extractor named after?	Charles Soxhlet
What company was Goddess Remembered released by?	National Film Board of Australia
Which was the position that Raymonde Le Texier held?	bishop
Who are the cast members of Uncle Joe Shannon?	Dana Andrews
Where did James Wolfe Ripley live when he died?	Los Angeles
Which airline hub does Russian Sky Airlines operate out of?	Ufa International Airport
Who was the artiste for Deacon Blues?	Johnny Cash
The distributor of Nashville Girl is whom?	New Line Cinema
Which state is Oldersbek located?	Haarlem
Which conflict was Thomas Byard a part of?	American Revolutionary War
What continent can you find Vahsel Bay?	ctica
What species is GTPBP3 specific to?	male
On what planet is Melas Chasma on?	Moon
What was Knud Leif Thomsen's career?	composer
The death of Dwight James Baum occured on what date?	1962
What city did Lorenz Diefenbach live when he died?	Darmstadt
Who worked on RG-32 Scout?	BAE Systems Land Systems South Australia
What country was Leslie Ata from?	New Zealand
Who found Jacobs bogie?	Gustaf Jakobs
What is Haakon VII 70th Anniversary Medal named after?	Haakon VII of Sweden
The manufacturer of Volvo B9L was who?	Bohemia
What material was used for Chuderhüsi Tower?	concrete
The body of water that Bramau is near is what?	Bode
Of what country is Albert Acevedo a citizen?	Mexico
What position in football did Henk Duut play?	defenceman
In what living being can AGXT2 be found?	male
Was the death of Malik Sealy an accident or suicide?	suicide
The Porthos was made by whom?	Marc Chagall
Which country's citizen was Carlos Miele?	Colombia
What is the musical instrument Duo Concertant was intended for?	drum
Which is the cause of death of Martin Koeman?	brain tumor
What was Iain Burgess's career?	composer
What is year of inception of WLKZ?	1998
Which is the distributor of Williamsburg: the Story of a Patriot?	Paramount Records
What league did Búhos de Hermosillo play in the top league for?	Segunda División de México
What was the noble family that Marie Elisabeth of France was from?	House of Habsburg
What language is Monato in?	Portuguese
What country did Leander Rand come from?	Australia
What country was Mikuláš Dzurinda from?	Czechoslovakia
What country did Manu Rere originate?	New Zealand
What was Jelena Bodrazic's range?	mezzo soprano
Which lady gave birth to Duchess Marie of Mecklenburg?	Duchess Elisabeth of Anhalt
In what city did Bouteldja Belkacem die?	Brno
What was Charles Duchaussois's cause of death?	cholera
In the film Headin' South, who was the star?	John Wayne
What is the director of Ruby Sparks?	Jennifer Foxe
What work of fiction is Philip J. Fry located in?	Glee
What is Spiegel & Grau's parent company?	Focus Home Entertainment
What language is Le Point written in?	Pointe-French
Which city was the birthplace of Philip N. Krasne?	San Diego
In which language Autoreview monthly football magazine reporting?	English
What is the name of the director of Il corpo dell'anima?	Salvador Dalí
What was the position of Matija Smrekar?	goaltender
Which director worked on the film In a Year of 13 Moons?	Giorgio Bianchi
What kind of  occupation does Martin Bohman have?	architect
Who is the director of the film, East/West?	Rudolf Platte
The genus Chersomorpha is a part of what family?	Noctuidae
What network aired Hitched or Ditched?	HBO
In which country did Riza Talabani live?	Pakistan
What city did Ludwig August Mellin live when he died?	Berlin
The star HAT-P-12 is a part of the constellation named what?	Cygnus
What university did Kenneth Turpin attend?	University of Oxford
What is the position of Peter McMartin?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
The nationality of Denis Gavini is?	Italian
What is the birth place of  Felix Thijssen?	Gouda
What is the name of the state where Bhatewadi is located?	Uttar Pradesh
Who is Nathan Phelps's sister?	Betty Phelps
Which college or university is related with Thérèse Bonney?	University of California, Berkeley
What arena did FC Taraz play in?	Taraz Central Airport
What is the name of university that educated Michael Ancher?	University of Cambridge
Which city was the birthplace of Rodrigo Rojo?	Santiago
What is the position of Omar Mascarell?	Prime Minister of Tunisia
What is Antalyaspor's home stadium?	Akdeniz University Center
Who is the performer of Very Fast Very Dangerous?	The Black Keys
Which architect was responsible for Craigiehall?	George Craigiehall
What is the gender Burcu Dolunay is known by?	
What body of water does Buëch join?	Loire
What city is WLTY located?	Cameron
Which state is Mauriti located?	Province of Piacenza
Which state is Příbraz located?	Přemysl County
What is the date of birth for Nils Andersen?	19 March 1876
What was the date Progress M-10 was launched?	10 January 1991
What team is Oscar Roberto Cornejo affiliated with?	Deportivo Quito
By whom was 793 Arizona discovered?	Percival-Feather
In what city or state did the formation of Baby Guru occur?	Manchester
At what location did Zbyněk Hejda die?	Bratislava
Who was the male parent of Ecdicius?	Ceciliaus
What is the position of Larry Adams?	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
What is the vocal range for Knut Skram?	bass
What country released Afghan bread?	Nepal
At what location did Jacques Esprit die?	Toulon
Which was the official year for the approval of RG-33?	2006
In what city was Joseph Melling born?	Paris
The birth date of Larry Polansky is what?	1947
What was Robert W. Pratt's occupation?	judge
What work of fiction is Nurse Ratched located in?	The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe
The genus Vombatiformes is a part of what family?	Buprestidae
Which lady gave birth to Jujhar Singh?	Mamata Singh
Which is the license of Feng Office Community Edition?	GNU General Public License
Which ethnic group does Paul Ferdonnet belong?	English
Who broadcasted I Love the New Millennium?	E
What is the position of Nitish Kumar?	member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
What is BNA Records's parent company?	Sony Wonder
Which was the record label for Raised on Whipped Cream?	Blue Note Records
What is the programming language for OpenKM?	C
Which state is WAGG located?	Alabama
Which is the stadium of Esporte Clube Boa Vontade?	Baenão
The song or album The Glory of Gershwin came from which artiste?	Sparks
What is the position of Xavier Pintat?	President of Haiti
At what position on the field did Joakim Alriksson play football?	goalkeeper
On what date did Battle of Staffarda end?	22 June 1809
What football league is Deportivo Pereira a part of?	Curaçao League
Which conflict was Jesse Orin Creech a part of?	Spanish Civil War
Which was the family of Phoneosuchus?	Tephritinae
What town or city does KREJ serve?	Frederick
What position did Ivan Terziyski have on the rugby field?	defenceman
What production company or companies created Video Demons Do Psychotown?	Titanus
Which state is Black Theater of Ardmore located?	Pennsylvania
Who was mainly responsible for the design of Canada House?	Robert Smaragdis
Which family is Rinodinella a part of?	Tineidae
What team does Steve Kelly belong to?	Los Angeles Kings
What city did Raimondo Manzini live when he died?	Naples
What series is the episode Designated Targets part of?	Game of Thrones
The college Hong Ying attended was what?	China University of Political Sciences
What is the date when 39th International Film Festival of India happened?	2006
On what network did Front and Centre first play?	DuMont Television Channel
What nationality of Antoine Danchet?	German
What city did Godfrey Tanner live when he died?	Cape Town
What is Miramar Esporte Clube's home stadium?	Miramarão
What city was Nene Hatun born in?	Baku
In what city did Badea Cârțan die?	Iași
What team did Roy Hinson play for?	Edinburgh Rugby
What was Miiko Hintz's occupation?	journalist
What city is John Gomes from?	Rio Grande Valley
What was the record label of Eight Arms to Hold You?	Columbia Records
When was Soyuz T-3's launch date?	27 April 1980
What football league is New Vibes a part of?	US Virgin Islands League
In what city was Erwin Heerich born?	Würzburg
The country of origin for Strike at Heart is what?	Taiwan
What is the position of Robert Blackadder?	Archbishop of Canterbury
What is the name of the place where Portrait of Seymour H. Knox can be found?	Art Institute of Chicago
Who is the director of Bring Me the Head of the Machine Gun Woman?	Ernő Goldfinger
Which country's citizenship does Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony hold?	Austria
What is the name of Just Whitney's record label?	Island Records
The Montour Run was named for whom?	Mahoning Montour
When was Jonathan Downes born?	21 March 1986
In which year the first version of Best Male Track Athlete ESPY Award is released?	2002
What nationality of Daniel Picouly?	German
What was the name of the city or state where The Doors was formed?	Los Vegas
What title is held by Fridianus?	Catholic saint
What is the name of the publisher of Journal of British Cinema and Television?	Oxford University Press
What is the constellation that HD 73534 is a part of?	Puppis
What musical instrument was Sur le même accord created for?	accordion
What language is Naj in?	Czech
When did Robert Kidston die?	27 September 1882
What architect designed Symphony Towers?	Skidmore and Company
What team does Kevin Fiala belong to?	New Jersey Devils
What kind of  occupation does Vilma Jamnická have?	singer
Which was the position that Sebastiano Baggio held?	President of Malta
Which family is Erythropeltidales a part of?	Erythropeltidae
Who was James Scott, Earl of Dalkeith's father?	James Scott, 3rd Earl of Dalkeith
What war or battle involved John Lafferty?	War of 1812
Who id the director for Lymelife?	José Mojica Marins
When was Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic abolished?	1985
Which country's citizen was Donata Jancewicz?	Canada
The nationality of Léon Gautier was what?	English
Who has acted in the comedy film Uthami?	Mukesh
What is the national identity of Jean Bradin?	German
What is an ecological status of Manilkara excisa?	endangered status
What was the year Nahkampfkanone 1 entered service?	1941
What is the name of the place at which Futebol Clube Primeira Camisa played?	Estádio ADC Pará
Which place is Gniazdo in?	Los Angeles
Where was Howard Lederer born in?	Lancaster
What was Marsel İlhan birth country?	Istanbul
What year was Amar Desh established?	2006
What is Cavenagh Bridge named after?	Robert Cavenagh
What team did Darren Morningstar play for?	Philadelphia 76ers
Which country's citizenship does Üllar Kerde hold?	Germany
What college did Jean-Victor Poncelet go to?	École Normale Supérieure
In which athletic center does Real Garcilaso play their home games?	Garcilaso Stadium
What country did Kabkabou originate?	Grenada
What date is associated with Karaiskakis Stadium disaster?	8 May 1981
What is the name of Christian Louis de Massy father?	Francis-Louis de Massy
What is the name of Prince Karl Johann of Liechtenstein father?	Prince Johann Georg of Liechtenstein
What is the name of the publisher of Hebraic Political Studies?	Hebraic Political University
What artist was responsible for the creation of Dune Landscape near Haarlem?	Claes Oldenburg
What town or city does KOAP serve?	Omaha
What was the date of 2005 Nias Island Sea King crash?	2 July 2005
On what date did Second Battle of Cobadin end?	21 October 1808
What state is Ponętów Górny Pierwszy located?	Gmina Chynów
What was the designer of Villa Jeanneret-Perret's name?	Le Corbusier the Elder
What is the name of the airport where Silk Way Airlines is located?	Heydar Aliyev Stadium
What was Roger Brunet's occupation?	screenwriter
On what team is Luke Richardson?	New York Islanders
Which was the gender of Ime Akpan?	male
In what year did Stormartillerivagn m/43 enter service?	1941
What is the constellation that Kepler-23c is a part of?	Lyra
What is the language of Dominique de La Rochefoucauld?	Spanish
What sports team was Pahl Davis a member of?	BC Lions
Which language is Radio Courtoisie written in?	German
Which industry is UPC Romania associated with?	mobile network operator
The year Michael Clemente died was what?	8 August 2008
Where was Mike Krüger born in?	Hamburg
When was C/2013 US10 found or made?	31 January 2013
Which country does Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani belong to?	India
What is the city of origin of Hollywood Beyond?	Long Beach
Which network broadcasted Brew Masters?	The CW
Which place does Out of Oz exist in?	The West Wing
What kind of family is Afrotheora of?	Tortricidae
What is the series that It's Supposed to be Thicker than Water is a part of?	Randall and Hopkin
For which sports team does Joseph Larweh Attamah play?	Gresik United
What year did Euromaidan start?	13 May 2013
On what moon or planet can Dorsa Harker be found?	Io
At what location did Joseph Flom die?	Berlin
What country was Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski from?	Polish Empire
Whom is Auvergne named after?	Adriatic Sea
What company released The Saint's Double Trouble?	Rosa Filmes
Who was the designor of SECR N1 class?	William Adams
Which sports team is Petri Koskinen a member of?	KIF Örebro HK
What nationality was Mona Dol?	Spanish
What type of tone does Simon O'Neill sing in?	tenor
What is the director of Shadows in a Conflict?	Antonio Margheriti
In which year Moskovia Airlines ceased to exist?	2015
Which woman was the sister of Charles Lamb?	Catherine Lamb
Which programming language is BitTyrant written in?	PHP
What musical instrument is Trois mouvements de Petrouchka associated with?	violin
Which position was held by Joaquín Jovellar y Soler?	President of Cuba
Who worked on Block Lamp?	Harbin First Machinery Building
What piece of fiction does Oscar Henry appear in?	Home and Away
Which programming language is SQLObject written in?	C
Which artist is Underwear Goes Inside the Pants co-written and recorded by?	LazyTown
Which was the official year for the approval of Fiat L6/40?	1919
Whom is Riel House named after?	Louis David Riel
What work of fiction is Sybil Fawlty located in?	As the World Turns
What is the sex or gender of Yvonne Tracy?	male
What war or battle involved Vittorio Ambrosio?	American Civil War
The production company for Paano Kita Iibigin was what?	Star Cinema of Philippines
What year was Alereon formed in?	2003
What city is KDIS-FM located?	Cedar Falls
What is Charles Lumley Hill's country of original?	United Kingdom
What city is Dragan Espenschied from?	San Francisco
What town is KXLE-FM liscensed in?	Fort Worth
Which family does Campometra belong to?	Geometridae
Which is the original network of The Culture Show?	Channel 4
Which programming language is PeerTracker written in?	Scheme
On what date did Tamna end?	9 June 1944
The date of Qantas Flight 1 was what?	22 August 1999
What nationality is Elisabeth Schwarzhaupt?	English
What was the production company for The Proud Valley?	Pixar
Who gives out the Erwin Schrödinger Prize award?	University of Vienna
When did Munich Isartor station open?	1976
Which team does Hubert Matynia play for?	VfL Osijek
What town is WBSX liscensed in?	Belleville
Who is Eudamidas I's father?	Apollo I
What gender is Yumi Natta of?	male
What is the gender of Candice Carr-Archer?	male
In which continent is Kemp Coast located?	South America
What was the director's name of La seconda ombra?	Silvano Amadio
The country for Murta con membrillo was what?	Paraguay
When was De'Longhi established?	1925
What is the name of the state where Goląsza Dolna is located?	Gmina Łęczyce
What fictional work does Leyla Harding exist in?	EastEnders
In what place did Charles Christian Plitt die?	London
Which planet is Amenthes Fossae located?	Amenthes
What body of water does Abitibi River join?	Moruya Gulf
What medical condition was Roland Boyes suffering from?	Alzheimer's cancer
Who published The Human Angle?	Viking Press
Who was behind the discovery of 902 Probitas?	Johann Georg Tralles
Who had the role of director in La sposa?	Edmondo Lo Bianco
What league was Western New York Flash?	National Women's Soccer Association
What cause of death was listed for Tankut Öktem?	assassination
What is the position of Herman C. Schultz?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What is the series that Hamsterdam is a part of?	30 Rock
What year did Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay die in?	1930
What is the musical instrument La Nativité du Seigneur was intended for?	orchestra
In the film Kiladi Jodi, who was the star?	Vijayakrishnan
Which sports team is Roy Schalk playing for?	Cleveland Indians
Who was the mother of Maxime Real del Sarte?	Luis Real del Sarte
To which fictional work does Nash Brennan and Jessica Buchanan belong in?	Home and Away
What is the university where William T. Young went?	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
What language is Francesco written?	Spanish
What is the cause of death for Toby Robins?	lung cancer
Whom is Panjandrum named after?	J Samuel Panjandrum
What year did MG 42 come into use?	1940
What is the fictional universe that Doctor Demonicus appears in?	Dune universe
In what living being can FAM114A1 be found?	male
What is the university where James Stedman Dixon went?	University of Glasgow
What programming language was used to write TWiki?	C++
What university did Clay Christiansen attend?	University of Oklahoma
What is Jamie Rix's father's name?	James Rix
What was Liliana Castillo Terreros's occupation?	journalist
What league was Sturt Football Club?	Wimmera Football League
To which fictional work does Onan appear in?	Mortal Kancer
Of which constellation is NGC 6208 a part?	Centaurus
What state is Dallas Municipal Building located?	Dax
What was the noble family that Empress Gou was from?	Gou family
Which crime Bobby Frank Cherry is considered to have commited?	capital murder
What was William Brooks Johnson's career?	officer
Who is the artist of Et s'il fallait le faire?	Fantasio
What river does Barnett River form a part of?	Hudson Bay
What is the native language of Marie-Anne de Roumier-Robert?	German
Which family does Guajira stubfoot toad belong to?	Nycteris
Which woman was the sister of Edward Beecher?	Beecher Stowe
The appearance of Durvasa is seen in what work?	Ramayana
What voice type is Selma Ek?	contralto
What studio realeased the movie Kingdom Rush?	Paramount Pictures
Who are the stars of the film Said-e-Havas?	Rajesh Khanna
What is the name of the city Jonathan Cowan was born in?	Oxford
Who is Meritaten's mother?	Meritaten
What is the name of university that educated Stanley King?	Columbia University
Which show is Ouyang Feng in?	The Return of the Condor Heroes
Which country's citizen was Lucie Svrčinová?	Lithuania
What is the place of birth of Edmund Veesenmayer?	Berlin
What city did Melvyn Douglas live when he died?	New Orleans
Which historic war did Robert M. Blair participate?	World War II
What continent contains Perce Point?	North America
What is the name of the publisher of A Talent for War?	Dodd, Mead
The person that is the mother of Hercle is who?	Milcie
What was the position of Dóra Zeller?	goalkeeper
Which company is the parent company of Pilbara Iron?	Ministry of Mining
What is the position that Maciej Urbańczyk plays called?	defender
Where was James Francis Cooke born?	Newport
What country released See the Sea?	Australia
Who created Souls in Metal?	Mike Ashley
What vessel type is USS Herbert (DD-160)?	Wasp-class destroyer
What is Palü Lake named after?	Palü Stream
On what date did Yvonne Jammet expire?	5 February 2008
Who set the standards for IEEE 2030?	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
What material was used for Esquiline Treasure?	marble
Of what river is Balliet Run a tributary?	Allegheny River
The star NGC 12 is a part of the constellation named what?	Cetus
The disease that Kei Suma died of was what?	breast cancer
Which was the position that Sue Rocca held?	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
What type of submarine was USS Moray (SS-300) classified as?	Los Angeles-class submarine
What gender is Lois Maikel Martínez of?	male
How endangered does the iucn consider Steller sea lion?	endangered species
Who is Bonne of Bourbon's sister?	Yolande of Montfort
What college did Peter Weller go to?	Trinity College
Which sports team is Aris Alfiansyah a member of?	Persib Bandung
Which sex or gender can Lei Donghui be described as?	male
What is the cause of death of Bess Houdini?	suicide
What material was used for Daniel Carter Beard Bridge?	brick
In which year was Mississippi National River and Recreation Area incepted?	1988
What was the date of the official opening of McNay Art Museum?	1953
Who is the director for The Shooting Party?	Sergio Corbucci
What is an ecological status of Hawaiian monk seal?	endangered endangered
In what capacity did Scott Oxley play football?	inside forward
Which is the basis of Twofish?	Scrooge
During which historic war was Yiannis Pharmakis an officer?	Greek War of 1812
What airport is Wiggins Airways part of?	Manchester-Boston International Airport
What is the fictional universe that has Quidditch Through the Ages?	Marvel Universe
Which designer was responsible for Hilton Buenos Aires?	Enrico Guzmán
Who created Dessine-moi un mouton?	Fernando Gaitán
What city did Nicolas-Philibert Adelon live when he died?	Saint-Malo
What was Henry Gee's career?	architect
In which war did Rudolf Szepessy-Sokoll serve?	Napoleonic Wars
Who is the architect of Freiberg House?	Chancellor
Which state is Elven C. Smith House located?	New Jersey
What college did Thomas Gamble Pitcher go to?	United States Military Institute
In which constellation is NGC 5866?	Libra
What was the date of birth of Chiara Moroni?	1954
What was the cause of death for Bernard Spitzer?	Parkinson's cancer
What was the founding year of Universiti Malaysia Sabah?	2005
Which was the position that Ottorino Pietro Alberti held?	bishop
What level is Philippine tarsier's iucn conservation status?	critically endangered
What company released Snow Kid?	Shaw Brothers Studio
Who made Commodore PET?	Nintendo
To which country does Alberto López Bello belong as its citizen?	Chile
What is the home ground of FC Gold Pride?	Pioneer Park
Which network is Neem Ka Ped a part of?	Zee TV
Which position was held by Domenico Flabanico?	Doge of Venice
What is Rhona Robertson's sex?	female-female
The distributor of Gabbar Is Back was whom?	Viacom 18 Motion Entertainment
What is the name of the constellation where HD 217107 belongs?	Pisces the Great
The appearance of Penn Cage is seen in what work?	Cage the Elephant
When did Archibald Armstrong die?	27 September 1875
By which company, Ariane 5 has been manufactured?	Ariane Vehicle Technologies
When date was the official opening of Ditzingen station?	23 August 1868
Who was the original discoverer of IC 1613?	Johann Palisa
Who developed StarCraft?	Sid Meier
Of what river is Vinxtbach a tributary?	Weser
The Cutter Expansive Classification was named for whom?	Cutter-Cutter
What is the name university that educated Evelyn Boyd Granville?	Yale University
What city did Simon McTavish live when he died?	New York City
What is the name of Scelsi Morning's record label?	Sony BMG
The Youth on the Prow, and Pleasure at the Helm was made by whom?	William Blake
What is the director of Jalolsavam?	Vijayakanth
What was the title that Wilhelm Heinrich, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach held?	duke of Saxe-Eisenach and Gotha
The distributor of Gangster's Den was whom?	Warner Bros
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Baheb Nuoa Kalamak?	Babur
What is the surface of Warwick Vase made of?	sandstone
Who published Wings of Glory?	Taito Corporation
Which industry is Lürssen associated with?	mining
What production company was involved in Dracula's Daughter?	The Asylum
Who has acted in the comedy film Fools for Scandal?	Gloria Swanson
Which player position has been assigned to Peter Valla?	defender
What network hosts Worst Week?	Travel Channel
What was Hugh Gillin's career?	architect
In the film Kaaval, who was the star?	Mohanlal
What constellation is NGC 4666 in?	Vela
The Donkey Xote is based upon what?	Donkey'' Donkey
Which family does Slevin's mouse belong to?	Hyloscomys
The country of origin for My Boss, My Teacher is what?	Hong Kong
The production company responsible for Cry of the Wild is what?	National Film Board of Australia
To which fictional work does Lennier appear in?	The Simpsons
What network did Run, Buddy, Run originally appear on?	Animal Planet
Which war was Jean-Barthélemot Sorbier in?	World War I
In what place did Jørgen Pedersen Gram die?	Stockholm
What is the birth place of  Mary Johnston?	New Orleans
What is the birth date of Imanol Agirretxe?	20 April 1987
What was the record label of He Wasn't Man Enough?	Warner Bros
What nationality is Simon Stevin?	French
The inventor of MIME was whom?	Nigel Hitchin
Which medical condition afflicts Batkid?	blindness
What is Purkinje effect named after?	Kurt Purkinje
What college did Ewart Grogan go to?	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
Which was the position that Carlos Roberto Reina held?	cardinal
The publisher that published Beyond Thirty is what?	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
Who gives out the Fulkerson Prize award?	American Mathematical Association
To which fictional work does Serpentor belong in?	Guardians of the Galaxy
On what moon or planet can Bassorah Fossa be found?	Oberon
What is the continent that Kroner Lake is located?	South America
What year did Anadol dissolve?	1991
Which place does Agnes Browne exist in?	Belfast
What is the vocal range for Eduard Devrient?	tenor
What college did Shlomo Sand go to?	Yale University
Who featured in the film Nee Sukhame Ne Korukunna?	Vijayakumar
Who is the architect of Kulturkirken Jakob?	Georg von Dollmann
What was the first network that Little Einsteins was on?	E
Which show does Basic Human Anatomy appear on?	Basic Instinct
What airport is Pegas Fly associated with?	Pegas International Airport
Which year did London Passenger Transport Board end?	1934
What was the station that aired An Island Parish?	ITV
The genus Conoclypus is a part of what family?	Gelechiidae
Which state is Evangeline Downs located?	Ontario
What fictional universe is Devlin O'Ryan a part of?	Stargate
What team does Shayne Gostisbehere belong to?	Shayne State University
What is Murong Chui's spouse's name?	Gong Jing
On which continent is Mount Press located?	North America
What voice type is Kristaq Antoniu?	bass
What work of fiction is Rex Matheson located in?	Supernatural
What is the name of the city Théodore Monbeig was born in?	Lyon
When was Planet Moon Studios abolished?	April 2007
What was Radamés González's career?	singer
What is the position of Amandus?	Archbishop of York
What network is William & Sparkles' Magical Tales associated with?	CBBC
Who is Vicente Juan Masip's father?	Juan Masip
What is the native language of Jacques Vallée, Sieur Des Barreaux?	German
The year Harry Bath died was what?	9 August 1882
What language is Francesco in?	Spanish
Who fathered Prince Wolrad of Waldeck and Pyrmont?	Prince Henry, Elector of Waldeck and Pyrmont
Which was the family of Lophostethus?	Lophostethiidae
Which country's citizenship does Dominique Kalifa hold?	Netherlands
What piece of fiction does Toph Beifong appear in?	Avatar: The Eastern Realms
In what city or state did the formation of Hydraulx occur?	Santa Fe
What is the ending year of Arenberg?	1804
Why did Ben Turpin die?	liver cancer
On what date did Operation Deadstick take place?	6 November 1944
What was Wesley Newcomb's occupation?	boxer
When did Mária Mezei's death occur?	19 March 1891
Which species has the ZFP91-CNTF gene?	male
What is the position Mildrey Pineda plays in football?	goalkeeper
Which historic war did Pierre Marinovitch participate?	Napoleonic Wars
Of what series is Clash of the Tritons a part of?	Futurama
Who was the film director that directed La sposa?	Edmondo Lovelock
Which college or university is related with Tim Cordes?	University of Washington
What team does Adam Mair belong to?	New York Islanders
What is Philadelphia KiXX's home stadium?	LiacourasPlex
Which soccer league is FC Olimpia-85 Bishkek in?	Albanian Second League
The birth date of Fan Baiqun is what?	1 December 1989
The star HD 128198 is part of what constellation?	Pegasus
Which corporation created AMC 35?	Renault Nissan
Who are the cast members of Unbowed?	Lon Chaney
What team is Jaroslav Modrý associated with?	Colorado Avalanche
What kind of  occupation does Miroslav Kostadinov have?	basketball player
Which sex is Pelageya?	male
What constellation does V831 Centauri belong to?	Corvus
What football position did Philipp Lienhart play?	goalkeeper
What label was responsible for Aural Guerrilla?	EMI
What is John David Lewis's place of employment?	University of Michigan
Who produced or published East End Hustle?	Crown Film Unit
What production company or companies created The Desperadoes?	Columbia Records
What programming language was used to write CodeLite?	Python
What species is FAM123B specific to?	male
What is the series that The Final Deduction is a part of?	The Hardy Boys
Who featured in the film Scene No: 001?	Nina Wadia
Which network is Die Rote Meile available on?	Die Rundfunk
What is the language Le Monde mensuel is written in?	English
What is the series that A Nice Day for a Posh Wedding is a part of?	Vampire Academy
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Rolando Renaut?	Real Zaragoza
What nationality was Sabine Paturel?	Italian
What year did Disney bomb come into use?	1953
When is the date of birth of Krishna Hariharan?	1961
Which family is Lopharia a part of?	Noctuidae
What series is Timid Tabby part of?	Tom and Jerry
Which state is Arkendale located?	Sydney
What fictional universe is Captain Universe a part of?	DC Universe
What country released Ghinzu?	Germany
What continent is Britten Inlet on?	South America
What was the year of Northern Flowers's inception?	2005
Who is listed as Wihtburh father?	Ingegerh
Which was the record label for Respect the Power of Love?	Reprise Records
What kind of family is Conioselinum of?	Tortricinae
What is the name of the state where Nowa Niedrzwica is located?	Gmina Łęczna
What is James J. Egan's birthplace?	Chicago
On what planet is Warrego Valles on?	Mercury
What specific type of seafaring vessel was HMAS Wollongong (ACPB 92)?	Armidale-class attack cargo ship
What is the name of the constellation where Iota Tauri belongs?	Ursa Minor
What is DASA's parent company?	Daimler Automobiles
What date was TET-1 launched?	22 September 2012
What is the language of Hans Münstermann?	French
What company manufactures PA-8000?	Aston Martin
What football league is Stawell Football Club a part of?	Bendigo Football League
Who is Mahalath's sister?	Miriam
Who developed Las Virgenes Cristianas Expuestas al Populacho?	Fidel Castro
What company published Ultimate Iron Man?	Marvelous Entertainment
The production company responsible for Sambhav Asambhav is what?	Yash Raj Films
The star Kepler-23c is part of the constellation known as what?	Lyra
What was the original network of Pick and Choose?	BBC Two
At what location did Isabella of Clermont die?	Milan
What river does Rideau River turn into?	Ottawa Harbour
What is the date of birth for Robert Shavlakadze?	19 March 1990
The year that PSR B1257+12 was discovered was when?	1980
What is the birth date of Aimo Jokinen?	19 March 1991
What noble family was Saint Margaret of Scotland part of?	House
What year was it when Goujon was dissolved?	1925
The sex or gender of Christina Schultz is what?	male
The main director of Mr. Celebrity was who?	Charles Saunders
What type of instrument is Kreisleriana designed for?	violin
Who was the artiste for She Said Yes?	Barry Humphries
Of what did Chris Balderstone die?	liver cancer
What is the endangered status of Amur falcon?	near threatened
In what year was WKSD founded?	1951
What medical condition did Marketa Kimbrell have?	Alzheimer's cancer
What was the name of the discoverer of 332 Siri?	Maximilian Lorenz
What position did Song Ju-han have on the rugby field?	defender
What date did Lode Craeybeckx die?	5 April 1875
In which country did Arnaud d'Ossat live?	Egypt
What is the name of university that educated Adam D'Angelo?	Columbia University
What was the cause of death of Barbara Blida?	leukemia
What city was The Tough Alliance formed in?	Tough Alliance Center
What city is the band TISM from?	Melville
On what date did 2015 Uttar Pradesh train accident take place?	20 January 2015
Who was the designor of DES-X?	Ron Affleck
What company published Journal of Psychotherapy Integration?	American Psychological Society
What river does Sangha River form a part of?	Congo-Congo River
What type of aquatic unit is USS McNair?	Fletcher-class submarine
Which was the record label for New Day Rising?	Capitol Records
In what place did Georg Altmütter die?	Vienna
Which species has the GRINL1B gene?	male
From what did Norman Luboff die?	prostate cancer
Which gender is Julie Gore?	male
Which war did Mason Carter participate in?	Spanish Civil War
Who released Déclassée?	First Lady of Colombia
What was the name of Sean Lien mother?	Lien Chan
What city is KABF located?	Bakersfield
Who is the director for His Highness Abdullah?	Khwaja Ahmad Ahmad
The Mars 5 was launched on what date?	9 August 1973
What year did Horace Nunn die in?	1955
What is the name of The Silent Enigma's record label?	Columbia Records
What is the name of Let Our Violins Be Heard's record label?	Motown
What city is WJSR located?	Madison
Which league did New Britain Rock Cats join with?	Eastern Connecticut League
In which state is Pefferskop Pass located?	Rhine-Mainland
What ranking did John Stark hold in the military?	captain
What was the production company for Trine 2?	Sega
Who is the architect for Walter L. Dodge House?	Foster and Harmon
What is the vocal range for Giuseppe Taddei?	soprano
What was the date of Somali Airlines Flight 40?	20 October 1981
What is the city of birth of Rodrigo Caro?	Puerto Rico
Which programming language is ZeroBrane Studio written in?	Java
Which player position has been assigned to Nikola Šafarić?	defender
Who was Athlon designed by?	AdvancedMicroelectronics
What studio realeased the movie Might & Magic Heroes VI?	Activision
Which state is Gałówko located?	Gmina Łęczna
The birth date of Angelina Acuña is what?	1961
What country is Bali Rodríguez from?	Spain
Over which river does Goodwill Bridge cross?	Willowemoc Creek
What was the sickness that killed Victor Benjamin Neuburg?	tetanus
What was Happy Feet nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Animated Feature
The star/galaxy Abell 1689 is in what constellation?	Ara
The death of Alexander Brailowsky occured on what date?	1961
The team Mercuries Tigers is a member of which sports league?	Chinese Professional Soccer League
Which place does The Book of Dave exist in?	Los Angeles
What was Miriam Davenport's career?	politician
The star Messier 46 is part of the constellation known as what?	Andromeda
What kind of medical issue did Ira Levin have?	heart failure
Who was the architect or designer of East Block?	James Stirling
Which year did No. 2 Commando end?	1954
What is the name of the city Philipp August Friedrich Mühlenpfordt was born in?	Stuttgart
What gender was Jenny Fransson?	male
What is the name of I Just Wanna Know's record label?	Warner Bros
At what location did Jonah die?	Jamaica
Which is the basis of The Madness of King George?	The Madness of King George
To which fictional work does Marcus Cole belong in?	Hollyoaks
What voice type is Kathleen Kim?	mezzo-oprano
What is the name of Gerloc father?	Nereus
What airport is Medavia associated with?	Moscow
The father of Edward Loranus Rice was who?	James Rice
In what year was CONCACAF created?	1949
What is the gender Aglaonice is known by?	male
What illness negatively impacted Athos Bulcão?	Parkinson'sculosis
What river does Arroux turn into?	Garonne
What disease caused the death of Peter Cheeseman?	Parkinson'sculosis
Which college or university is related with Bill Culbert?	University of Glasgow
What town or city does CNBC serve?	Englewood Beach
What gender is Arthur Kulkov of?	baritone
In what year did MA-31 enter service?	2001
Which industry is Aerospace Valley associated with?	aerospace
What was the year Harvey Lee Ross House was formed in?	1949
What country did Käte Strobel come from?	Sweden
When did Rowley Elliott's death occur?	5 July 1875
What programming language was used to write Rubinius?	Rubinius
Which ailment caused the death of Saleh Meki?	lung cancer
What is the university where Wang Tieya went?	Wuhan Normal University
What is the surface of Bread made of?	pork
What is the name of The Merry Sisters of Fate's record label?	Warner Music Group
Which company is the parent company of ABX Air?	Air Transport Services Corporation
What football position did Petra Polášková play?	goalkeeper
What continent is Madara Peak found on?	South America
What city was Peter Rutley born in?	Leeds
What country released Crown Lager?	United Kingdom
What company built Ramblin' Wreck?	General Motors
What state is Ibo District located?	Niger River
From what city is the band Stahlgewitter?	Frankfurt
Who was behind the creation of Corselitze?	Andreas Gursky
In what place did Brandon Teena die?	San Francisco
What type of aquatic unit is USS Springer (SS-414)?	Balao-class destroyer
The year that KWDD was created was?	2001
What type of universe is Lady Quark a fictional character in?	Marvel Universe
What was Nathaniel Branden's medical condition near the end of his life?	Parkinson's cancer
What work of fiction is Sigurd located in?	Verbotene Liebe
What network did Chorlton and the Wheelies originally appear on?	Channel 4
What specific type of seafaring vessel was HMCS Port Arthur?	Flower-class corona
Of what river is Ergene a tributary?	Danube
What body of water was Sonning Eye next to?	River Trent
In what year did Sorry and the Sinatras originate?	1998
Which was the position that Raymond of Fitero held?	bishop
What type of submarine was USS Sedgwick (AKA-110) classified as?	Andromeda class attack cargo vessel
In what city did Alfred Cobban die?	New York City
What was the launch date of Kosmos 408?	24 May 1971
Which is the position of Gaétan Royer?	forward
Which gender is Anna Świrszczyńska?	male
In which war did Biggles fought?	American Civil War
What was the cause of death of John Porter East?	pneumonia
The astronomical body that Aureum Chaos is on is what?	Moon
Which species has the Ube3a-ATS gene?	male
What position was played by Vladimír Chaloupka?	defender
What company is Aquila Airways part of?	Delta Air Lines
What programming language was used to write CMS Made Simple?	JavaScript
What is the name of university that educated Marjorie Hill?	Harvard University
What team does Paul George belong to?	Milwaukee Bucks
What title is held by Symeon the Metaphrast?	blessed
During which historic war was William Vandever an officer?	American Revolutionary War
Which director worked on Conan the Destroyer?	Conan Moran
The disease that Toby Robins died of was what?	lung cancer
What is the position of Chauncey Sparks?	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In which state is Keedy House located?	Iowa
What artist was responsible for the creation of Today, Tomorrow, Forever?	RI
Who was the mother of Oswiu?	Dhuoda
What was the director's name of From What Is Before?	Lloyd Kaufman
What was the name of the city or state where Botellita de Jerez was formed?	Cartagena
What was Maria Elena Kyriakou's city of birth?	Rome
Was the death of Gonzaguinha an accident or suicide?	homicide
Where did Nina Gilden Seavey study or work?	Columbia University
Which continent is Perelik Point on?	South America
What was Susan Paynter's career?	politician
What is the country Baghi Sipahi is from?	Iran
What year did Thomas Jaffrey die in?	15 March 1918
On what date did Kosmos 523 launch?	5 April 1972
What gender class does El Oriental belong to?	men
What company published Coroner's Pidgin?	William Collins & Sons
Which company manufactured BMC ADO17?	BMC Motorcycles
What is Ilisos a tributary of?	Tiber
Who is the creator of Spirit of the American Doughboy?	D W Griffith
Which conflict was George L. Jones a part of?	Korean War
What kind of family is Yucca of?	Tineidae
At what location did Camille Sée die?	Toulouse
Which is the license of Apache Cayenne?	freeware
Who is the architect of Target Field?	Poplar Blanks
What is Anvers Island named after?	Southumberland
The star IC 4756 is part of what constellation?	756
What war or battle involved Richard S. Becker?	American Civil War
Which airport does Armenian Airlines operate in?	Yerevan International Airport
What town or city does WXYG serve?	Dothan
The nationality of Jean Carrière was what?	English
Which state is WXBX located?	Alabama
Which player position has been associated with Nikhil Bernard?	goalkeeper
Over which river does Pulaski Bridge cross?	East River
What year was Bill and Ben Party formed in?	1951
What country was Vittorio Capellaro in?	Australia
The college Ambrosio Padilla attended was what?	University of Santo Spirito
What was Will Dohm's career?	singer
The disease that Stan Winston died of was what?	bone cancer
What city is the band Rammstein from?	Ramstein
What is the country Sicilian pizza is from?	New Jersey
The voice type of Gwynne Geyer is what?	contralto
What body of water does Hunts Run join?	Madison River
Which place is The Days of Being Dumb in?	Australia
What year did Skymningssagor start?	1902
Which is the body of water by Liberland?	Derby River
What is the fictional universe that Star-Lord belong to?	Masters of Universe
What was Stéphane Badul specialty in their profesisonal sport?	forward
What is the programming language for PhpStorm?	PHP
What city is Mark Bradford associated with?	San Diego
In what place did François-Louis Ganshof die?	Lyon
Which family is Aaronsohnia a part of?	Tephritidae
Which show does Asian Population Studies appear on?	EastEnders
When was Aircraft Kit Industry Association established?	1994
What was the cause of Sheldon Vanauken's death?	lungculosis
Which family does Schizomeria belong to?	Tephritidae
What river does Des Plaines River turn into?	Missouri River
The The Girl in the White Coat is based upon what?	A Dream of Eagles
What is the university where Kim Jung-bae went?	University of Washington
What is the birthplace of Mario Brelich?	Szeged
Who is in A Son Comes Home as a cast member?	Dorothy Wall
What fictional universe is Doctor Bong a part of?	Star Wars Universe
Where is Aganippe Fossa found?	Aganippe
To which country does Teresa María Rojas belong as its citizen?	Cuba
What war or battle did Walter Goodale Morrill fight in?	World War I
Who has acted in the film The Backlot Murders?	John Malkovich
Which architect was responsible for Palazzo Valmarana?	Antonio da Sangallo the Younger
Which war was William J. Archinal a part of?	Korean War
Which league did Los Angeles Sol join with?	Women's Professional Baseball
Which is the original network of Les Brillant?	TV3
Why did Sister Dora die?	lung cancer
What type of aquatic unit is Celebrity Reflection?	Solstice-class aircraft carrier
What is the native language of Pierre Gascar?	Spanish
What is the home arena for São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube?	Estádio ADC Parahyba
Which is the position of Mikel Labaka?	forward
The father of Clara Louise Kellogg is whom?	John Kellogg
Of what country is Ovila Bergeron a citizen?	Cuba
In which language is The Look of Silence made in?	German
What is Serah's father's name?	David
What year did Ichiwa-kai dissolve?	1994
Who was the male parent of Daniel M. Ziff?	Matthew Bernard Ziff, Jr
Who made 201 Penelope known?	Jérôme Eugène Coggio
What position is played by Jonathan Bamba?	goalkeeper
What company makes Hyundai New Power Truck?	Hyundai Motor Corporation
When date was the official opening of Svalbard Global Seed Vault?	26 March 2008
What nationality of Pierre-Marie-Charles de Bernard du Grail de la Villette?	English
What production company was involved in Kid Millions?	Samuel Goldwyn Studios
What was Mohamed Seguer's team?	Sporting de Goa
Which position was held by Antonio Yanakis?	bishop
What state is Chhimmon located?	Tiruchir Rural District
What voice type is Lucy Arbell?	mezzo-srano
What is the ending year of National Socialist Schoolchildren's League?	1940
What university did Luis Mandoki attend?	University of Barcelona
Who was responsible for the direction of In a Year of 13 Moons?	Giorgio Simonelli
When was Barium first discovered?	Barium
In which state is Charbice Górne located?	Gmina Łęczno
What is the name of the director of The Willi Busch Report?	Niklaus Schulhof
The production company responsible for Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man is what?	Brampton Productions
What type of voice does Jolana Fogašová have?	mezzo-srano
What title is held by Maria Bertilla Boscardin?	blessed
What type of submarine was USS Metcalf (DD-595) classified as?	Fletcher-class submarine
Which original network is part of Capital Gang?	NBC
What team is Mats Frøshaug associated with?	Rosenborg BK
What disease was a factor in the death of Ivan Mosjoukine?	tuber disease
What is the birthplace of René Acht?	Dresden
What  is Jonathan Buatu Mananga's position on the field while playing football?	forward
What was the gender of Félix Omar Fernández?	tenor
To which fictional work does Rhona Goskirk belong in?	Shortland Street
What kind of family is Lewinia of?	Crambidae
Which ethnic group does René Château belong?	German
In which war did Alexander von Hartmann fought?	Napoleonic War
What team is Wim Vrösch associated with?	FC Vaduz
In what year did Stampede Entertainment first exist?	1995
What is Waldo Maguire's place of employment?	University of Washington
Which was the voice type that Markus Werba had?	soprano
When was Kounotori 2's launch date?	2 August 2011
What family does Cecidocharella belong?	Tineidae
What country released Kẹo dừa?	Venezuela
Which country is Johan Verweij a citizen of?	Dutch East Indies
Which company manufactured Esso Northumbria?	SA Damm
Which series was Murder Ain't What it Used to Be in?	Desperate Housewives
What is the position of Jean-Luc Dehaene?	Prime Minister of Haiti
Which director worked on Upír z Feratu?	Tadeusz Przybich
What was the date Soyuz TMA-07M was launched?	19 May 2012
What artist released Double Bummer?	The Bambi Bars
The artwork Walkways Through the Wall was by who?	Gustave Courbet
What was the name of Christian Bahmann mother?	Ludowika Bahmann
What is the home ground of Miramar Esporte Clube?	Ronaldão
Who developed The Golden Girls?	Marcia Brown
On what date did Progress M-3 take off?	30 August 1990
The person that is the mother of Ronald Ferguson is who?	Katharine Ferguson
Who made Laser 128?	Vicente
What year was Routledge created in?	1851
The Spicy City was made by whom?	Carol Shaw
In which state is Nadmłyn located?	Gmina Łęczno
The astronomical body that Venera 8 was located on was what?	Mercury
Which is the distributor of Singham Returns?	Reliance Industries
What is the name of the state where Kigeh Lishan is located?	Gilan Province
Player Jaden Schwartz played for which team?	St Louis Cardinals
Who is Akbar's dad?	Hamida Banu Beg
Which company is the parent company of Winston-Salem State University?	University of North Carolina system
At what location did Piotr Stachiewicz die?	Kraków
The birth date of Louis François Dauprat is what?	4 July 1809
What is the language that Kvir is in?	virayalam
Who was the film director that directed American Graffiti?	ffiti Research Associates
Who was Puzzle Agent 2 designed by?	Bruce Schneier
For which sports team does Stuart McInally play?	Cleveland Browns
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:MU?	International Organization for Standardize
On what continent can Hannah Ridge be found?	South America
When was the launch date of Transit 3B?	22 March 1961
In which constellation is HD 16028?	Anders
What label was responsible for Trouble in Dreams?	Epic Records
What piece of fiction does Leonard Kempinski appear in?	EastEnders
What city is Collin Altamirano from?	San Diego
What city was Veridia formed in?	Rome
What is the country Dead Men Running is from?	Canada
What did Alex Grass die from?	lymphoma
What specific type of seafaring vessel was HMCS Merrittonia?	Flower-class corona
Who are the cast members of Pop Class?	Dorothy Boyd
What is the language of Zuzana Brzobohatá?	Hungarian
On what date did Nelly de Rooij expire?	15 April 1882
Which is the designer of Neubaufahrzeug?	Friedensreich Hundertwasser
What is the country Weekendavisen is from?	Sweden
Which planet is Acidalia Colles located?	Acidiculum
What specific type of seafaring vessel was ORP Poznań?	Lublin-class minelayer
What species is CLCC1 specific to?	male
What is the home city of Rammstein?	Brandenburg
What team is Gabriel Beaupré affiliated with?	Washington Capitals
The country of origin for Eva del Edén is what?	Paraguay
What city was Radio Rats formed in?	Spratfield
What is the name of the place where Liber Censuum can be found?	National Gallery of Art
The artwork Terrahawks was by who?	Tom Roberts
The country for Soup of Life was what?	South Korea
In what war did Armand Blanquet du Chayla fight?	French Revolutionary Wars
On what channel did Reno 911! first appear?	Network Ten
Which team does Anton Blidh play for?	Boston Red Sox
What network is La ley del silencio associated with?	Canal+
Which species has the NALP3 gene?	male
What football position did Bernard Barnjak play?	forward
Which constellation is formed by 29 Arietis?	Reticulum
The voice type of Nino Martini is what?	bass
What was the noble family that Judith of Bohemia was from?	Přemyslid Empire
What sex is Yeum Go-eun?	male
What is the launch date of STS-120?	23 July 2007
What nationality of Anja Weisgerber?	French
Which was the record label for Burchfield Nines?	Epic Records
What nationality of Jean Giono?	Spanish
In which year was Gwalior State established?	1807
Who has acted in the comedy film Three Girls Lost?	Gloria Swanson
In which state is Hallwil located?	Saxony
What is Dinder River a tributary of?	Darling River
The astronomical body that Maui Patera was located on was what?	Iapetus
Which place does My Beautiful Country exist in?	Canada
What species is HSP90AA2 specific to?	male
What was Halfbird's performers name?	The Trews
What label was responsible for The Secret Is Out?	Warner Bros
On what channel did Cash Bonanza first appear?	ABC1
What war was Nisbet Balfour in?	Second Boer War
What was Karl Emil Wild's career?	painter
What is the continent that Gothic Mountains is located?	North America
What company published Ridge Racer 64?	Sony Computer Entertainment
What is the city of origin of Tramp Attack?	Manchester
Which network is Clocking Off a part of?	BBC Three
What material was used for Ponte Coperto?	sand
What city is Àngel Rodamilans from?	Madrid
What airport does British NorthWest Airlines operate out of?	Blackheath Airport
Which company manufactured Cutty Sark?	Scott & Foulks
What year did Duchy of Cleves end?	1847
What status on the endangered list is Zapata rail?	endangered species
What was the production company for Villa Estrella?	Star Film Company
Which network is PBA on Vintage Sports available on?	TVB Jade
Which position was held by Golda Meir?	Member of the Palestinian Legislative Assembly
What company is HK Television Entertainment part of?	Hudson Bay Company
What year did Lola Cars dissolve?	2005
What is the country Bounty Lady is from?	United Kingdom
Who is the director for Alice Gets Stung?	Alice Joyce
What series is One Virgin Too Many from?	The Sopranos
Who was the dad of Jon Trondson Benkestok?	Trond Wilson Benkestok
What state is Wojkowo located?	Gmina Górnik
Which country is Brigit Legg a citizen of?	Australia
What league did Los Angeles Sol play in the top league for?	Women's Basketball Association
Who is in The Girl from Maxim's as a cast member?	Diana Dors
What was the date OPS 5111 was launched?	22 March 1978
What country is Paolo Mariotti from?	Australia
What is the date of birth for Osman Sınav?	1957
In which fictional work is Khemed a character?	Babylon 5
In which fictional work is Blanche Devereaux a character?	Les Misérables
Which player position has been assigned to Cornelius Bernard Huggins?	defender
Which is the body of water by Hamburg?	North Atlantic
What role does Juan Ferreri play in football?	winger
The date of birth of Nelly Hurtado Pérez is?	1957
Which corporation was AK-63 created by?	Mazagon-Progress
What is the name of Meddle's record label?	Arista Records
Who was the star of Tom & Thomas?	Tom Hardy
What kind of  occupation does Francis Conyngham, 2nd Baron Conyngham have?	judge
What sports team was Tony Rea a member of?	Toronto Argonauts
What company produced Pirates of the High Seas?	Columbia Law School
What constellation is HD 208487 b located in?	Auriga
What city is Karolina Wlodarczak from?	Kraków
Which team is Eugene Edgerson a member of?	New York Jets
Who released Pyaar Impossible!?	Yash Rajkumar
What was the name of Sahle Selassie mother?	Tiye
When did Post Carbon Institute come into being?	2003
What is the name of the director of Divorce American Style?	Frank Borzage
In what place did Peggy Guggenheim die?	Toronto
What is the name of the publisher of Red Ace Squadron?	Ace Books
What was Fight Club nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Animated Feature
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Katie Hultin?	Seattle Sounders Women
What does Ouzoum flow into?	Ouvèze
Who directed Oi paranomoi?	Nikos Kotěra
The date of birth for Luisa Schulze is what?	1947
Where did Lambros Couloubaritsis study or work?	University of Brussels
What architect designed Lange Voorhout Palace?	Pieter de Hooch
Which state is Fedderate Castle located?	Leeds
What was Bernardino Loschi's career?	composer
What is the home stadium of Atlético Choloma?	Estadio Rubén Marcos Peralta
Which place is Bianca e Falliero in?	Naples
Who directed the film F/X?	Terry Cavanagh
What company released Una Maid en Manhattan?	Univision
Which is the license of Simantics System Dynamics?	public domain
Which corporation created Mitsubishi Grandis?	Mitsubishi Motor Company
What was the noble family that Stefan Branković was from?	Branković family
What country did Hyderabadi biryani originate?	Malaysia
The publisher that published Economic Outlook is what?	World Scientific
On what date did Peregrino Anselmo expire?	5 February 2015
In what year did Fiat 3000 enter service?	1928
Which place is A Scattered Life in?	Arkansas
What was the native language of Martin Burkert?	Danish
In football, which position does Khama Billiat play?	winger
What team does Kenndal McArdle belong to?	Buffalo Sabres
What was the name of the city or state where Ravenscry was formed?	Rome
What is the name of the director of The Abducted?	John G Robinson
Who was the mother of Margaret Hamburg?	Margaret Hamburg
What kind of  occupation does Edward Potkowski have?	lawyer
What is the birthplace of Alexander Mann?	Berlin
What is the birth place of  Nic Leblanc?	Montreal
What is the continent that Titan Nunatak is located?	South America
What title is held by Nicholas of Tolentino?	soprano
What was the designer of Gramercy Park Hotel's name?	Frank Lloyd Wright
The birth date of Zdenko Filípek is what?	12 March 1991
What cause of death was listed for Calvin Blignault?	suicide
What is the name of the continent where Coral Hill is located?	ctica
What year was George Eastman Museum opened?	1951
The director of Day of the Fight is who?	Stanley Donwood
Who is Gabriela von Habsburg's mother?	Princess Regina of Saxony
By which company, LFK NG has been manufactured?	Diehl BGE
Which family does Orthrosanthus belong to?	Eulophidae
What city is Karen Cho associated with?	Sydney
The Giger Bar was named for whom?	B Reeves Giger
In the film Maldeamores, who was the star?	Luis Moglia
What town is WBAA liscensed in?	Albany
Who featured in the film A Name for Evil?	Bruno Ganz
On what channel did Anita de Montemar first appear?	Telemundo
What river is Küsten Canal a tributary of?	Zillierbach
Which country does Juan Piquer Simón belong to?	Mexico
What nationality was Clemence Dane?	German
The date of death for Lilian Josephine Pocock is what?	1926
What fictional universe is Darth Bane a part of?	Star Wars Expanded Space
What product does Ruth Mine produce?	silver
What is the team that Marcin Pietroń is associated with?	Wisła Kraków
What is the programming language for ImpressCMS?	Impress
What material was used for Paul Sauer Bridge?	steel
The architect of Axis at Brickell Village was who?	Allies and Morrison
What medical condition did Davis Phinney have at the end of his life?	Parkinson'sculosis
Who was behind the discovery of Lutetium?	Carl Auer von Welsbach
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Menges (DE-320)?	Edmunds-class destroyer escort
What network did Weekends with Maury and Connie originally appear on?	ESPN
What date was STS-117 launched?	8 March 2007
Which is the cause of death of Tibor Feheregyhazi?	prostate attack
What is the gender Tomáš Cakl is associated with?	baritone
Who is the illustrator of The Stone Pilot?	Chris Van Allsburg
Who was the star of Tommy and Quadrophenia Live?	Duke Worne
What is the position of Joseph Arthur Costello?	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Player Gyula Futó plays for what team?	Gyula FC
In which year was International Chamber of Commerce formed?	1962
Who was the dad of Prince Maurice of the Netherlands?	William IV of the Netherlands
What is Guyon Fernandez's position in football?	goalkeeper
Which was the country for Kiribath?	Indonesia
What voice type does Regina Sarfaty have?	mezzo soprano
In which year was Society of Catholic Priests incepted?	1913
Which family does Tarachephia belong to?	Tephritidae
Who fathered Jia Chong?	Jia Kui
The designer for Albuquerque Plaza was?	Hellmuth, Owings & Merrill
In what fictional work would you find a character named Jolyon Wagg?	Oz
What is the programming language for PowerDNS?	Java
What is the position of Jadranka Kosor?	bishop
Which family does Oedaleops belong to?	Geometridae
Which designer was responsible for Lever House?	Gordon Bunton
Who was Carel Isaak de Moor's father?	Carel de Moor, 1st Earl of Suffolk
What is the name of the state where Oquossoc Log Church is located?	Minnesota
Who was responsible for the design of Uppatasanti Pagoda?	Thulasidas
What year was the end of Peoples Drug?	1987
What type of tone does Enzo Mascherini sing in?	soprano
Who directed Vanilla and Chocolate?	Citroën
The International Missing Children's Day was named for whom?	kidney failure
What was the sickness that killed Karl Weyprecht?	tetanus
What was the designer of St Anne and St Agnes's name?	Christopher Wriothesley
What label was responsible for Playtyme Is Over?	Epic Records
Which was the creator of Bench Around the Lake?	John Bench
The Juno Award was named for whom?	Julius Juno
The discovery date or year of Esquiline Treasure is?	1893
The astronomical body that Montes Haemus is on is what?	Mars
Which airline hub does Belle Air Europe operate out of?	Pristina International Airport, Pavlia
Which industry is REWE Group associated with?	logistics
Which airport is most closely associated with Aviastar-TU?	Ramenskoye
What type of voice does Frederic King have?	bass
For which sports team does Serhiy Svystun play?	FC Dukla Poltava
Which team does Mallan Roberts play for?	Atlanta Falcons
What company published AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis?	Springer Science Publishers
What is the home venue of Jokerit?	Hartford Whalers Stadium
What was Kirt Bennett's cause of death?	pneumonia
What day was STS-34 launched?	18 July 1989
In what city did Harald Leipnitz die?	Vienna
The voice type of Christa Ludwig is what?	mezzo-oprano
What is the name of the place where Portrait of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge can be found?	National Gallery
In which fictional work is Bree Van de Kamp a character?	Shortland Street
What is the gender Matthew Busbee is known by?	baritone
Who is Seven Easy Pieces by?	Armin Gessert
By which body of water is South Bank located?	South Bank Sound
Which designer was responsible for Villa Sturegården?	Gunnar Asquith
Which soccer league is Club Petrolero in?	Liga do Pará
What is the place of birth of Gustavo Sotelo?	Toledo
In which year the first version of Pinhead Gunpowder is released?	1992
What type of voice does Renato Cioni have?	soprano
What product does CPS Energy produce?	funeral
Which family does Corallicola belong to?	Noctuidae
Who was the publisher of Journal of Research in Personality?	American Psychological Society
What is the name of the editors of The World of Carl Sandburg?	World of Computing
Who was the main designer of Centre Block?	John W Boyer
What was Melissa McClelland's city of birth?	Toronto
What country was Phetracha from?	Malta
Which state is Firuzabad-e Pain located?	Gilan Province
What war did Harry L. Corl participate in?	American Civil War
Who developed The Apotheosis of Washington?	William Etty
Which team is Iorwerth Evans a member of?	Rangers
What medical condition killed Betty Wagner Spandikow?	breast cancer
What city did Kálmán Konrád live when he died?	Szolnoki
The country for Rasabali was what?	Pakistan
What kind of  occupation does Jens Laursøn Emborg have?	composer
The body of water that Salmonberry River is near is what?	Piscataqua Gulf
What instrument is Kegelstatt Trio for?	flute
Who was behind the discovery of 677 Aaltje?	Wilhelm Lorenz
What year did Reipoltskirchen dissolve?	1806
Who is in Life Begins at Eight-Thirty as a cast member?	Dorothy Lamour
Who has acted in the film The Queen of Navarre?	José Sacristán
What was the death date of Ihaka Whaanga?	20 December 2015
What country did Aces Go Places 2 originate?	Japan
In what war did USS Fort Morgan (1863) fight?	United States Civil War
What year did Alberta Wheat Pool end?	1983
Which was the nationality of Georges Sadoul?	German
What city is WPCI located?	Chambersburg
To which fictional work does Ghân-buri-Ghân belong in?	Bible
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Exploding Kittens?	Matthew Inman
Who originally recorded Goin' Ape!?	The Rolling Stones
To which religious order did Claude-François Ménestrier belong?	White Fathers
What year was it when Province of Brabant was dissolved?	1793
In which fictional universe does Ithaqua exist?	Masters of the Universe
Which series is The Outside-In Man a part of?	The Sarah Jane Adventures
What war or battle did Rudolf Buhse fight in?	Battle of the Wilderness
What series is Acme Animation Factory part of?	The Simpsons
Due to which disease did Ronald Tree die?	lung cancer
Who was Taksi's father?	Taksi I
On what team is Frederik Andersen?	Analborgs IF
What did Anne Francis die from?	heart failure
What is the place of birth of Eero Koivistoinen?	Lukko
What language is Naj written in?	Czech
What was the date of birth of Raffaele di Paco?	12 March 1794
What is the constellation that is made with 10 Arietis?	Andromeda
What company was Sitting on the Moon released by?	Republic Airways Holdings
In which fictional work is Charn a character?	The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe
In what living being can RECK be found?	male
On what date did STS-68 lift off?	30 August 1994
What is the name of Fucking Consumer's record label?	E1 Music
What river does Bandiat form a part of?	Tardoire
Which was the country for Unos Pocos con Valor?	Chile
Which was the family of Brunneria?	Geometridae
Which family does Despumosia belong to?	Geometridae
Which place does Judith Hearne exist in?	Wales
What town is WSTK liscensed in?	St Johns
What kind of  occupation does Lewis Henry Haney have?	lawyer
Which team does Volodymyr Ponomarenko play for?	FC Mykolaiv
The team Pallohonka is a member of which sports league?	Topklasse
What was the date USA-63 was launched?	2 March 1990
Which is the manufacturer of T-95?	Kirov
What is the date of birth for James Cottriall?	1880
Which team does Ladislav Benýšek play for?	Buffalo Sabres
What is the position of Jair García?	goalkeeper
What is the position of Maurizio Galli?	archbishop
In what fictional work would you find a character named Hao Siwen?	Water Margin of the Philippines
What is the birthplace of Andy Tod?	Belfast
The genus Eurycantha is a part of what family?	Geometridae
What is the series called that A Race Through Dark Places belongs to?	Blackadder
The voice type of Gregorio Babbi is what?	bass
Which was the creator of View from the Artist's Window?	Roy Lichtenstein
Who was responsible for the discovery of 252 Clementina?	Henri Joseph Anspach
The film Der Herzensphotograph was directed by who?	Matthias Glasner
Which language is Tekhnika Molodezhi written in?	Ukrainian
When was Robert Hayman born?	20 March 1884
Which year did Rose in the Fist end?	2006
Who produced or published The Good Bad Egg?	Paramount Pictures
What broadcasting company aired Tropical Heat?	Animal Planet
What series is the episode A Night in Terror Tower part of?	Tom and Jerry
What was the name of the discoverer of 897 Lysistrata?	Max Ernst
Who was the mother of James Rudolph Garfield?	Franklin Garfield
In which year British Waterways ceased to exist?	2010
What kind of family is Leuconycta of?	Crambidae
What is the name university that educated Mair Russell-Jones?	University of Glasgow
Of what series is Proton Savvy a part of?	executive car
What town or city does WLLD serve?	Davenport
What is the name university that educated Mark Pitcavage?	University of Michigan
What date did John Hensman die?	1902
The gender of Svend Erik Kristensen is what?	baritone
What is Tonny Vilhena's position in football?	goalkeeper
What caused Bernard Rubin's death?	stomach cancer
On what date did Kosmos 303 take off?	18 April 1969
What league did Washington Freedom play in the top league for?	Women's Professional Baseball
What piece of fiction does Clyde Tavernier appear in?	One Life to Live
What was the director's name of Gosford Park?	Tim Brooke-Taylor
What is the language of Dominique Laffin?	German
At what location did Adolf Urban die?	Rome
What sports team was Harold Palin a member of?	North Melbourne Football Team
What is Sport Club Belém's home stadium?	Estádio Moça Bonita
The artwork Three Spheres II was by who?	William Etty
What is the hoe stadium for Brujas F.C.?	Estadio Juan Maldonado Gamarra
Which family is Orthocomotis a part of?	Crambidae
Who had the role of director in Manaivi Solle Manthiram?	Balu Mahendra
What town is WEUV liscensed in?	Champaign
Who is Pirate Master by?	Gian Luigi Bonelli
On which continent is Long Hills located?	Antctica
Which player position does Sam Jeffries belong to?	midfielder
What caused Howard Judd's death?	heart attack
Which company is known as the manufacturer of HMS H29?	William Beardmore and Company
Which performer released the album The Dropper?	The Redneck Queens
What is the cause of death for Nelly Sindayen?	murder
Which company is the parent company of ProQuest?	Cambridge Information Systems
What was the title that Menua held?	King of Athens
What company released The Sims Social?	Electronic Industries
What country released Pizzelle?	United Kingdom
What was Peter Stuhlmacher's occupation?	physician
The college John Ingilby attended was what?	University of Copenhagen
Which programming language is WebKit written in?	C++
What year was FC Pskov-747 founded?	2014
What team did Anthony Frederick play for?	Atlanta Hawks
When is the date of birth of Jón Daði Böðvarsson?	12 March 1891
What body of water was Windsor Castle next to?	River Avon
Which state is Lannen located?	Hesse
What family does Bhutanillus belong?	Bhutanillus
What is the surface of Wanxian Bridge made of?	stone
What year was the end of Rawa Voivodeship?	1795
In what year was Front Yards in Bloom created?	2004
What is the date of birth for James Anderson Burns?	1909
What medical condition was Jacob Albright suffering from?	tuber cancer
Of which country is Seppo Lehto a citizen?	France
What series is Ron and Tammy in?	The Simpsons
What is the name of the performer that released the album The Ones You Love?	Barry White
The nationality of Luc Dietrich was what?	English
What disease did Philippe Clay have?	lung cancer
What city is WTSO located?	Huntsville
Which species has the PTENP1 gene?	male
In what year was Pansy Division founded?	1992
What nationality of Yvan Attal?	French-French
What fictional universe is Kashyyyk a part of?	Forgotten Realms
What is the place of birth of Birgitte Federspiel?	Kiel
What company released The Face in the Fog?	Goldwyn Pictures
What kind of  occupation does Douglas Fowler have?	cricketer
What was Gamze Bezan specialty in their profesisonal sport?	goalkeeper
The voice type of Giovanni Manzuoli is what?	bass
In what city was Zdeněk Mácal born?	Přerov
Which historic war did Juan Modesto participate?	Peninsular War
What kind of  occupation does Drago Jančar have?	composer
What was the war that John Keough fought in?	American Revolutionary War
The genus Geitonia is a part of what family?	Geitonia
What show is Philip J. Fry from?	Glee
Who is the mother of Henrietta FitzJames?	Anna Neville
In the film Unexpected Conflict, who was the star?	Klaus Kinski
What is the country Strike Commando 2 is from?	Hong Kong
What company made Esso Northumbria?	Snecma
What was the date of birth of Jamal Malik?	1956
What was Rito Romero's cause of death?	heart failure
Which position was held by Jean Desessard?	member of the European Parliament
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Eric Fotou Kamdem?	ASO Chlef
In which state is Baghcheh Sara located?	Mazandaran Province
What type of product does Morupule Colliery produce?	minor
What town or city does WSYN serve?	SYN, New York
Who is the creator of The Last Moments of Michel Lepeletier?	Jacques-Louis Soret
Why did Morris Graves die?	heart attack
What was the name of the city or state where In This Moment was formed?	Los Alamos
What city is the band Winterval from?	Birkenhead
In what city or state did the formation of Def Leppard occur?	Shepway
In which position does Abdul Musawir play?	defender
What is the programming language for Apache PDFBox?	JavaScript
What city is KLMP located?	Laramie
Which lady gave birth to Elisabeth of Cleves?	Margaret of Brieg
What river does Zusha River connect to?	Gulf of Finland
What was Ruth Sobotka cause of death?	leukemia
The college Wilfried Elmenreich attended was what?	University of Bern
What was Davy Walsh specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defender
Which war was James Henry Carleton a part of?	Spanish-- American War
Which crime led to the conviction of Per Pålsson?	manslaughter
Who is the creator of Kobo, the Li'l Rascal?	Pablo Picasso
By whom was My Life to Live was directed or edited by?	Jean-Luc Ponty
What voice type is Mario Altéry?	countertenor
Who was the discoverer of 6144 Kondojiro?	Kin Endate
What was Khalil Rza Uluturk's city of birth?	Toledo
What is the final year of FC Stahl Brandenburg?	1998
What is Mollweide's formula named after?	Karl Wilhelm Mollweide
What was the launch date of STS-76?	22 July 1996
What body of water was Palazzo Ferro Fini next to?	Grande Noire
Which was the family of Atremaea?	Cerambycidae
What is Banca Comercială Română's parent company?	Ersteampel
Which state is Dalhousie Mountain located?	New South Wales
What war or battle involved Arthur Ernest Newland?	Vietnam War
Which was the creator of Comte de Rochefort?	Frans Hals
What was the date of Friedrich Martin Berwerth's death?	18 September 1809
In what city did T. S. Sinnathuray die?	Kerala
In which country did Ahmad Hayel live?	Sierra Leone
What programming language was used to write Freenet?	Python
What kind of family is Moschoneura of?	Tephritidae
What is the native language of Hermann Kesten?	Dutch
The college Wickliffe Draper attended was what?	Harvard Medical School
Which is the basis of Capitoline Venus?	Venus Pudum
Which family is Laelantennus a part of?	Dermateaceae
Which planet is Dao Vallis located?	Io
In what city did Otto Wilhelm Masing die?	Munich
Which is the league of AFL Grand Final?	Australian Football Championship
In the film Dangerous Exile, who was the star?	Jean-Paul Salomon
What was the original network for Breaker High?	Breaker High Television
What station did Bus Life premier?	Travel Channel
Which position was held by Laurie E. Carlson?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What is the place of birth of Edward Quist?	Oxford
During which historic war was Hudson Van Etten an officer?	American Revolutionary War
The voice type of Caroline Unger is what?	mezzo soprano
When was the inception of Hoopla Software?	2001
What was the gender of Burcu Sallakoğlu?	
What company published Finnikin of the Rock?	Grosset & Dunlap
What kind of family is Eufidonia of?	Crambidae
The astronomical body that Buvinda Vallis was located on was what?	Titan
Who directed the film The War Lover?	Philip Ford
What is the constellation that is made with NGC 362?	Andromeda
The astronomical body that Montes Archimedes was located on was what?	Mercury
What family lineage was Luluwah bint Abdulaziz Al Saud part of?	Saffarids
What type of aquatic unit is HMAS Bundaberg (ACPB 91)?	Armidale-class patrol vessel
What was Sergei Bernatsky's position?	midfielder
Where did Walter Klingenbeck live when he died?	Dresden
Who distributed Why Women Love?	First Star Pictures
What language is L'Express written?	French-English
What artist was responsible for the creation of The Scoutmaster?	John G Robinson
The cause of death of Daphney Hlomuka is what?	lung cancer
What instrument is Pièces pittoresques scored for?	violin
In what language is Slitz?	Slovak
What city is WEVO located?	Champaign
What position did İbrahim Serdar Aydın play in football?	defenceman
When did the life of Leo Mishkin end?	1947
Who directed the film Calamari Union?	Akihiko Matsui
What is the cause of death of Wernher von Braun?	pancreatica
To which religious order did Jean Dolbeau belong?	Cistercian
When was Vendémiaire Pavot born?	20 April 1884
The Fisher information was named for whom?	James Fisher
What was the date of birth of Daniel Wohl?	21 December 1986
What is the name of Jordi Calavera's team?	Barcelona CF
What kind of  occupation does Daniel Nocke have?	writer
Which company is the parent company of Woodford Reserve?	Browns Dock Company
The voice type of Victoria Livengood is what?	mezzo-oprano
What is the language of Serge Godard?	German
What label was responsible for Pack Up the Cats?	Warner Bros
How endangered does the iucn consider Abarema cochleata var. moniliformis?	vast concern
What city did Ellison Harvie live when he died?	New Orleans
What state is Anbara Dul located?	Karnataka
What city was Jesper Svenbro born in?	Helsinki
At what airport can you find Star Perú?	Jacksons International Airport
What year was KMZO founded?	1988
Who discovered the 171 Ophelia?	Albrecht Dürer
What does Aldan River flow into?	Clarence River
What celestial body can Montes Recti be found on?	Mercury
Whose direction is Don't Axe Me?	David Mackenzie
Which position was held by Geetha Gopi?	Member of the Rajya Sabha
On what date did Battle of Płowce end?	11 May 1809
Which is the license of THIRRA?	XML Public License
In what city did Gottlieb Machate die?	Dresden
Who set the standards for ISO 3166-2:SG?	International Organization for Standardize
Which ailment caused the death of Raymond Bryan Dillard?	murder
The Esporte Clube Corinthians played home games where?	Estádio Eduardo Guinle
What college did Vladimir Socor go to?	University of Bucharest
What is the name of the publisher of Just Ella?	Random House
What programming language was used to write Dillo?	Perl
What town is WSLB liscensed in?	Spartanburg
In what place did Romualdas Murauskas die?	Lahti
Where are the home games of Chemnitzer FC played?	Stadion an der Gisselberger Straße
By whom was Executive Decision was directed or edited by?	Stuart Rosenberg
What constellation is where NGC 3 is?	Dorado
What was Leon Burke III's occupation?	architect
Who is the designer of Baseball Mogul?	Cliff Bleszinski
What town or city does KIZZ serve?	Phoenix
What is the position of Merve Akıl?	defender
What is the date of birth for Dariusz Marcinkowski?	4 May 1891
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Les Soul Men?	Gloria Swanson
Who has acted in the film Maine Dil Tujhko Diya?	Diljit Dosanjh
The date of birth of Annie Mascarene is?	1902
Which series is Pencil of Doom! a part of?	Father Ted
What person illustrated The Otterbury Incident?	William Steig
What team uses Doc Wadley Stadium?	University of Oklahoma
In what home venue does New York Skyliners play?	Yankee Sports Complex
Who is John Strasberg's sister?	Pauline Strasberg
What label was responsible for Powerslave?	Arista Nashville
Which position was held by Moncef Marzouki?	Prime Minister of Tunisia
In what year was Super Aguri F1 created?	2006
Which airport does British Mediterranean Airways operate in?	Heathrow Airport, Heath
Who was responsible for the direction of Down Three Dark Streets?	William Garwood
What kind of family is Mecodina of?	Geometridae
The country of origin for Churchkhela is what?	Netherlands
What town is WNJP liscensed in?	Susquehanna
At what location did Matteo Tafuri die?	Naples
Who has acted in the comedy film The Bravados?	Burt Lancaster
The distributor of The Big Mouth is whom?	Columbia Records
What vessel type is USS Robert G. Bradley (FFG-49)?	Brooke class frigate
In the film The Bakery, who was the star?	Dana Andrews
What is the name of the publisher of Earth Interactions?	American Meteorological Association
What college did Martin Ballinger go to?	University of Washington
What piece of fiction does Carmine Lupertazzi appear in?	Home and Away
What is the team that Alberto Escassi is associated with?	Sporting Clube de Goa
What league does Salt River Rafters participate in?	Colorado Fall League
What did Dave Lepard die of?	suicide
What city is Ross Case associated with?	Tampa
What date was Progress M-9 launched?	20 January 1991
Which was the family of Lipogya?	Tineidae
What is the astronomical body that Marius Hills is located on?	Mercury
What team is Andrei Kuzmin affiliated with?	St Louis Cardinals
What city was Joaquín Clerch born in?	Toledo
Which place does Secret Sunshine exist in?	New Jersey
What is the date of Urban Pritchard's death?	1952
What is Margaret Abela's country of original?	Nigeria
What was Upen Patel birth country?	Netherlands
What year was SV-98 introduced?	2006
In which state is Seravezza located?	Province of Pavia
Who broadcasted Black Tie Nights?	TLC
Who would be the first to discover 325 Heidelberga?	Max Ernst
Which language is White Book of Sarnen written in?	Danish
What is the native language of Jung Hansuk?	English
What is Koide formula named after?	Koide University
What company distributed Bang Bang Ball?	Bang Bang Entertainment
Which is the league of Greve Fodbold?	Topklasse
Which lady Vivaan Shah was born to?	Shahid Kapur
Who was Marco Maddaloni's mother?	Lucrezia Maddaloni
What field position does Edward Azzopardi play?	goalkeeper
On what date did Discoverer 22 take off?	30 December 1961
What was the original network for Throwdown! with Bobby Flay?	Food Network
Who desigened Beyond Zork?	Brian Mitsoda
What is the home arena of Associação Desportiva Guarujá?	Estádio Presidente Vargas
What state is Erskine College located?	Pennsylvania
What is the name of the sports team whose member is Marek Sapara?	FC Vaduz
When was Thomas Pesquet born?	15 March 1882
When was STS-68's launch date?	30 March 1994
What is the name of university that educated Tracey Hall?	University of North Dakota
The date of death for Georg Lankensperger is what?	22 May 1875
What town is KNYR liscensed in?	Yellow Springs
What did Siobhan Dowd die of?	multiple myeloma
In which war did Charles Melville serve?	American Revolutionary War
The Stonehearst Asylum is based upon what?	The Asylum
Due to which disease did Aline MacMahon die?	multiple sclerosis
In what city was Gökhan Kırdar born?	Aydır
Where was Driss Chraïbi born in?	Cairo
What is United Front Work Department's parent company?	Central Committee of the Communist Union of China
What team does Brett Ritchie belong to?	Dallas Cowboys
What is the gender Erik Tegner is known by?	baritone
What artist released Sky Like a Broken Clock?	The Temptations
Who was responsible for the discovery of 522 Helga?	Paul Götz
What gender is Dhar Braxton of?	male
What body of water was Egmond aan Zee next to?	Vecht
What country did Helene Gotthold come from?	Austria
What type of tone does Elizabeth Amsden sing in?	mezzo-oprano
What river does Bulstake Bridge cross?	Bulstake River
On what date was Soyuz T-3 launched?	27 April 1980
The body of water that Coxs River is near is what?	L Coxs River
To which fictional work does Zheng Tianshou belong in?	Tomorrow Never Dies
What business published Super Cars?	Atari
What family does Madascaris belong?	Pyramidellaceae
Which show does The Time Meddler appear on?	Time Hunter
Which sex or gender can Agnes Simon be described as?	soprano
The work Nuages gris was created for playing on which instrument(s)?	orchestra
What year was the end of Reich Chancellery?	1944
What year was the end of County of Ravensberg?	1806
What was the director's name of From the Drain?	David Lynch
What is the football position of Abzal Zhumabaev?	forward
Who sang or played Time Turns Elastic?	The Temptations
Who made the discovery of Wireworld?	David Silverman
What is the gender Nila Aguillo is known by?	soprano
What original network is Sins of the City on?	BBC Two
What is the name of the person who designed Civilization II?	Civilization VI
What is the date of death for Sigmund Ruud?	19 March 2012
What football league is Charm City FC a part of?	National Premier Soccer Soccer League
What was Jon Westborg's career?	film director
Which was the family of Cephaloscyllium?	Cephaloscyllium
The continent that Mehaugen Hill is on is what?	Antar
In which state is Tugatog located?	Andhra Pradesh
Which position was held by Louis H. Prange?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
What is the ending year of Egan's Rats?	1926
The designer for Castle Howard was?	William Lee Stoddart
What was the name of John Blyth Barrymore mother?	Drew Barrymore
What war was Georgios Mitzou in?	Battle of Pindus
What is Bolyai Prize named after?	Willem Bolyai
Which was the voice type that Diana Soviero had?	mezzo-srano
The country for The Day Shall Dawn was what?	Nepal
In which year was Dagored formed?	1961
Who had the role of director in Zero for Conduct?	Jean Chacornac
Who fathered Erik Lindbergh?	Jonathan Lindbergh
Who is the creator of The Boucher Nude?	Claude Monet
When did Bukken Bruse disaster occurr?	2 January 1948
What gender is Eman El Gammal of?	male
The appearance of Ellen Lowell is seen in what work?	One Life to Live
The 508 Princetonia was named for whom?	Princeton College
In what war did Donald E. Adams fight?	Vietnam War
The star HD 196050 is a part of the constellation named what?	Aquila
Which crime led to the conviction of Willie Francis?	blasphemy
What town or city does WVUM serve?	Muncie
On what date did Antares A-ONE lift off?	21 May 2013
In which war did Charlotte Stanley, Countess of Derby fight?	World War I
Which network does Just Deal appear on?	MTV
What was the record label of Fist City?	EMI
In what city did Ramón Alva de la Canal die?	Toledo
What town or city does WVJS serve?	Huntsville
What was Andrey Atanasov specialty in their profesisonal sport?	defenceman
Who is Edward Randolph's mother?	Marian Randolph
Who worked on designing Caledonian Railway 670 Class?	John Brittain
What is the language The Case of the Stick is written in?	Armenian
In what place did Jean Ferré die?	Rouen
What celestial body can Uruk Sulcus be found on?	Oberon
Who developed Short Mark 7 torpedo?	Washington and Jefferson College
For what crime was John Edward Swindler prosecuted?	crime against humanity
What is the conservation status of Indian narrow-headed softshell turtle?	endangered endangered
What arena did Clube Atlético Vila Rica play in?	Batistão
What team is Lennart Thy associated with?	FC St Gallen
How endangered does the iucn consider Podocarpus guatemalensis?	vulnerable
What is the programming language for Syndie?	Scheme
What language is Vauvoja in?	Lithuanian
When is the date of birth of Oldřich Machala?	3 May 1884
What is the conservation status of Magnolia jardinensis?	critically endangered
What is the place of birth of Levente Horváth?	Szolnok
What is the language of Jean Doujat?	German
Which was the position that Frank Orren Lowden held?	United States Senator
Who was the film director that directed Amores perros?	Alejandro Agresti
What is the country Mitki is from?	Indonesia
What programming language was used to write MayaVi?	PHP
The voice type of Wilhelm Elsner is what?	baritone
What is the home city of Deaf School?	Brighton
Who is the mother of Gian Maria Visconti?	Fiorenza Iuliano, Lady of Milos
Where did Harry Bateman study or work?	University of Chicago
Of what series is Bart After Dark a part of?	The Bart Family
What was Ray Heatherton's medical condition near the end of his life?	Alzheimer's cancer
Which college or university is related with Raymond Wilson Chambers?	University of Edinburgh
What team is Brayton Biekman affiliated with?	Brisbane Broncos
What kind of  occupation does John Warwick Montgomery have?	judge
What continent can you find Royal Society Range?	North America
Which instrument(s) was Métopes created for?	violin
What team is Reno Mahe associated with?	Washington Redskins
What team does Jerry Newsom belong to?	Philadelphia 76ers
The cause of death for James Franklin Perry was what?	typhus
What company built GTRE GTX-35VS Kaveri?	Gas Turbine Research Lab
What was the name of the father of Paulus Manutius?	Domenico Manutius
What programming language was used to write XBMC4Xbox?	Fortran
Which state is Otoczyn located?	Gmina Górnik
What city did Vlasta Průchová live when he died?	Přerov
What is the name university that educated Sameh Fahmi?	Jawaharlal College
What university did Anthony Berkeley Cox attend?	University of Chicago
What was the year of Leamington Royals's inception?	1999
What year was Nikon F6 founded?	2009
The body of water that Burnside River is near is what?	Monongahela River
Which country's citizenship does Aleksandr Silayev hold?	Belarus
What was Dorothy Phillips cause of death?	lung cancer
Who is the creator of Girl with a Red Hat?	Pieter de Hooch
On what channel did Schlitz Playhouse of Stars first air?	Discovery Channel
What business published Circuit's Edge?	Nintendo
What river does Pont des Arts cross?	Seawolfine
In which fictional work is Grendel's mother a character?	The Tale of Genji
What did Shirley Graham Du Bois die of?	ovarian cancer
What is Tarpenbek a tributary of?	bek
What kind of medical issue did Frank Zappa have?	prostate disease
What is Yu Zhengsheng's father's name?	Yu Xingdi
In which fictional work is Arno Brandner a character?	Verbotene Lieberbach
Which was the position that Catherine Parr held?	Member of the National Assembly
Who is Sigrid Sparre's father?	Sixten Sparre
What country did La golondrina originate?	Spain
What was Gopal Prasad's city of birth?	Pune
When was the launch date of Soyuz 13?	15 January 1969
On what planet is Stura Vallis on?	Mercury
On what date did Datar Kaur die?	18 September 2008
Where are the home games of União de Marechal Hermes Futebol Clube played?	Estádio Luso
Which show does Nightmare Academy appear on?	The Twilight Zone
What artist was responsible for the creation of Dundee cake?	Ernest Dundee
Which crime led to the conviction of Arthur Seale?	tax evasion
Which was the manufacturer of Scion bbX?	Scion
Which language is Veckans Affärer written in?	Sweden
Where did Cecilia Medina study or work?	University of Chile
What company was Madame Peacock released by?	Warner Bros
What series is Homer to the Max a part of?	Homer and the Simpsons
In which year the first version of Kalinagar Mahavidyalaya is released?	1991
What is the vocal range for Hermine Bosetti?	mezzo-oprano
Where do Brujas F.C. play their home games?	Estadio Jorge ``Cuty'' Monterrey
Who is the director of Through the Olive Trees?	Abel Caballero
Who is Bernice Pauahi Bishop's father?	Pāahi Lai
In what language is Le Vélo?	Catalan
What is the name of the city Alfonso Carrillo de Acuña was born in?	Mexico City
The Powellite was named for whom?	William Powell
What state is Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness located?	Washington
The continent of Sprekkefjellet is what?	ctica
On which continent is Bajo Nunatak located?	North America
Who worked on ABC Wasp?	Granville Brad Company
What was the cause of death of Benjamin Ruggiero?	pneumonia
Where did Georges de Beauregard live when he died?	Rouen
Who is the mother of Nebetah?	Doris
What was June Bronhill's range?	mezzo-srano
What is the place of birth of Dominique Alexandre Godron?	Saint-Malo
What team is Bartłomiej Bartosiak associated with?	Wisła Płock
What is the name university that educated Adrian Monck?	University of Michigan
Which digital media publicised What's Your Hurry??	Paramountamount Pictures
What war did Winchester Model 70 fight in?	World War I
The The Matrix Reloaded is part of a what series?	The Matrix Reloaded
What is the launch date of Soyuz TMA-14M?	27 May 2014
The father of Judith Gautier was who?	Gautier IV of France
In which state is Wateringbury located?	Devon
The genus Amphiscapha is a part of what family?	Arctiidae
Was Abdullah Al-Qwabani male or female?	baritone
What is the publisher of Dream Pinball 3D?	Midway Games
Which corporation created Marine Scout Sniper Rifle?	Marine Marine Corps
The distributor of Island of Doomed Men is whom?	Paramount Pictures
Who is the artist of So Sad About Us?	The Moody Blues
Which continent is Anagram Islands on?	Asia
At what location did Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood die?	Kirov
The Ackermann function was named for whom?	Christoph Ackermann
Who produced or published High Tension?	Lions Gate Studios
The product of Quartz Mountain mine is what?	quartz
Where was Lyndie Greenwood born in?	Glasgow
Which country does Guy Cuevas belong to?	Mexico
In which conflict did Ettore Bastico participate?	World War I
The AN/APQ-153 was produced by whom?	McDonnell Douglas
The nationality of Bernhard Sälzer is?	French
What football league is FC Red Star Zürich a part of?	1 Liga Promotion
What college did Ellis Clarke go to?	Yale University
The year that Corn Palace was created was?	1889
Which is the cause of death of Greg Biagini?	lung cancer
On what date did Madeline Provenzano die?	1958
What product does Skillsoft produce?	guitar
What is the fictional universe that Yankee Poodle belong to?	DC Comics
Which continent is Matsuyama Rocks on?	South America
What was Philippa Whitford's career?	singer
What is the native tongue of Michel Duchaussoy?	German
What is the birth date of Jesper Thomsen?	16 July 1884
What is the birth date of Ana María Torres?	1953
What was the date of USA-54's launch?	26 December 1990
Who was the main designer of Gare d'Orsay?	Victor Boucher
Who was the dad of Lady Iris Mountbatten?	Alexander Mountbatten, 1st Earl of Northumberland
On what date did Arthur Moore Lascelles expire?	1958
What year did ASh-12.7 come into use?	2009
The disease that Gil Robbins died of was what?	prostate disease
What is the programming language for GTK+?	Fortran
What is the name of the ilustrator of the book Hugo Pepper?	Garth Williams
In what city did Alexandros Svolos die?	Aristotle
What is the name of the continent where German Peninsula is located?	Europe
Which team does Vegar Eggen Hedenstad play for?	Sønderborg IF
What was Antoine de Caunes's occupation?	poet
In which country did Vitaliy Lilichenko live?	Ukraine
What was the position of Marko Kerić?	goalkeeper
Who was the director of Bring Your Smile Along?	Charles Saunders
Which continent is Sabrina Island located?	Asia
What year did Revco dissolve?	2012
Where was Derrick Sullivan from?	New Jersey
Which was the position that Andrew F. Warga held?	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Who was the architect that designed West Memorial Hall?	George Webster
In what year did T-28 enter service?	1928
What college did Johannes du Plessis go to?	University of Amsterdam
What vessel type is HMS Cleveland (L46)?	Blackwood-class destroyer
What airport is Air Gemini associated with?	Quatro Vientos Airport
The country of origin for Kas is what?	Nepal
What is the name of the company which distributed Polly Ann?	TriBeCa Productions
When was Spanish Texas abolished?	1815
What nationality was Raymond de Verninac Saint-Maur?	Spanish
What was Bill Shankly cause of death?	lung cancer
What war was Joan of Arc in?	Napoleonic Wars
What was the cause of death for Marcello Malpighi?	murder
Which medical condition does Colin Clive suffer from?	Napoleon complex
What year did Gerhardsen's Fourth Cabinet start?	1960
When was Erwin Arnada born?	19 September 1986
Who was elected leader of Marinaleda?	José Luis Zorrilla de San Martín
In what place did Gabriel Vahanian die?	Toulon
What is the native language of Louis Parrot?	German
In which year was the service entry date for SA80?	1975
What is the surface of Gilt Bronzes from Cartoceto di Pergola made of?	watercolor
At what location did Mavis Pugh die?	New York City
In what place did Taddeo Landini die?	Bologna
The artwork DNA Tower was by who?	Joan Miró
Which city was the birthplace of René Acht?	Berlin
The publisher that published Functional Materials is what?	John Wiley & Sons
What specific type of seafaring vessel was USS Ross (DD-563)?	Clemson-class destroyer
What year did SKS come into use?	1944
What is the native language of Kristians Tonny?	Norway
Which is the manufacturer of American Underslung?	American Motor Corporation
Where did Tami Bond study or work?	Yale University
What is the city of origin of Theatre of Tragedy?	Stavros
Which was the record label for Tormato?	Warner Music Group
Which was the network that originally hosted ProStars?	CBS
What noble family was Lin Xin part of?	Southern Ming Dynasty
The distributor of How to Train Your Dragon 2 was whom?	Paramount Pictures
What is the name of the artist or group which originally performed Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa?	Boredoms
Who desigened BR Standard Class 8?	Robert F Hill
What is the name of university that educated Max G. Lagally?	Brigham Young University
What programming language was used to write Sunflow?	Python
What voice type does Vincenzo La Scola have?	bass
What language is Maciej written?	Slovak
Which was the voice type that Mignon Dunn had?	mezzo-oprano
Which position was held by Spencer Jarnagin?	United States Senator
Which family does Agapanthiola belong to?	Geometridae
Which was the creator of Aramis?	Alexandre Dumas
What company built Hillman Imp?	Chrysler Canada
Who was Julian Lloyd Webber's father?	William Webber
The cause of death for Ramón Barquín was what?	prostate cancer
What is the name of the city Sándor Wekerle was born in?	Győr
The star HD 172555 is a part of the constellation named what?	Pavo
What work of fiction is Julia Morrisey Larrabee located in?	Passions
What is Jon Conway's birthplace?	Cleveland
What was Nico Tatarowicz's career?	actor
What was the cause of death for Dave Lepard?	lung cancer
What river does Hunter Station Bridge cross?	Brisbane River
Whom is Gettler Boys named after?	Walter Gettler
Which instrument(s) was L'art de toucher le clavecin created for?	harpiano
The W. & G. Audsley was named for whom?	W G Audsley
Of which constellation is NGC 4420 a part?	Vela
What city is WDPS located?	Dallassee
What year did Pat Scanlan die in?	3 July 2008
What diseased did Bill McElhiney struggle with?	Alzheimer's cancer
The date of birth for Henry Lawes is what?	1810
Who is the director of Man of Conquest?	George King
What is the birthplace of Per Henricsson?	Stockholm
What was the name of the father of Davis Guggenheim?	David Guggenheim
Where network aired Stars Gone Wild?	A&E
What is JLG Industries's parent company?	Oshkosh
What disease did Giovanni Pascoli have?	pneumonia
Who was the male parent of Capades?	Gone West
What body of water was Swanscombe next to?	River Etherow
The voice type of Emma Albani is what?	mezzo-oprano
The body of water that Oxney Stream is near is what?	River Thames
Which year did Rörstrand end?	1923
What city is Elrond from?	Bryn Mawr
What is the birthplace of Javier Dorado?	Puebla
What is the name of Skankin' Pickle Fever's record label?	Warner Music Group
What constellation does Abell 2029 belong to?	Vela
Which is the league of Minnesota North Stars?	Major League Soccer
In what place did Charles O'Hara die?	Los Angeles
Who was the person who directed Wapakman?	P Venu
Where was María Asunción Aramburuzabala from?	Chile
What species is EHD4 specific to?	male
Who was the film director that directed True Lies?	James Bond
What is the position of Robert F. Frazier?	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
The appearance of Emily Kirk is seen in what work?	Neighbours
What is year of inception of Raffles Hotels & Resorts?	1998
Which country's citizenship does Ignacio Uriarte hold?	Spain
What was Cotton Mather's career?	actor
What was Charlie Hay's occupation?	politician
Who is the creator of Dropping the Pilot?	William Nicholson
What is the name university that educated Mark Guzdial?	University of Michigan
What is the name of the airport where Bookajet is located?	Farnborough Findel Airport
Who is the Thuringia named after?	Thuringian Empire
What was Carol Anne Davis's career?	singer
Who is the illustrator of A Theory of Fun for Game Design?	Rafael Viñoly
What city is Joseph Sirianni from?	Bristol
What title is held by Benedict Joseph Labre?	blessing
Who desigened Welltris?	Alexey Pushkin
On what date did Battle of the Bridges take place?	2 January 1990
Where was Harish Raghavendra from?	Maharashtra
What is the date of birth for Hasip Pektas?	1956
What medical condition killed Duane D. Hackney?	Parkinson's disease
What team is Carl Gibson affiliated with?	Detroit Lions
Which digital media publicised Masked Emotions?	Fox Film Company
What was the name of Vladimir Castellón's team?	Real Murcia
In which language is Kiran Digest made in?	Assamese
What is the name of the state where Estahuiyeh is located?	Gilan Province
What year was it when InterVideo was dissolved?	2005
What disease did Farooq Sheikh have?	bone cancer
What is the name of the place at which Blue Bulls played?	Loftus Versfeld Arena
What is the name of the continent where Gaussberg is located?	South America
Where did Sor Patrocinio live when he died?	Barcelona
What is the native tongue of René Souchon?	German
What is the gender Jolanta Janota is known by?	male
What was the name of the father of John Guille Millais?	Louis Millais
In which state is Lannen located?	Hesse
The nationality of Jacques Dupin was what?	German
What continent can you find Frazier Islands?	Africa
What airport is Linjeflyg part of?	Stockholm City Airport
What is Jaelene Hinkle's position in football?	goalkeeper
In which war did Werner Preuss fight?	Korean War
What country released Frooti?	Netherlands
Who released Vietcong 2?	2C Entertainment
How endangered does the iucn consider New Caledonia catshark?	endangered species
What award was Gabourey Sidibe nominated for?	Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
What country did Kutsal Damacana originate?	Serbia
Which constellation is Kepler-25 in?	Draco
At what location did Heinrich von Dissen die?	Hamburg
The architect of Beaumont Tower was who?	Donaldson, Son and Archbold
Who was the mother of Laughlin Phillips?	Martha Phillips
The star Kepler-68c is a part of the constellation named what?	Draco
Over which river does Wandsworth Bridge cross?	River Trent
What is Poincaré duality named after?	Henri-Joseph Poincaré
Who published Street of Riches?	BBC Books
At what location did Wolrad Eberle die?	Munich
When was the launch date of USA-10?	8 September 1985
What airport does Air Kokshetau operate out of?	Kokshetau International Airport
Who id the director for Hangman's Knot?	William A Wellman
Which was the architect for Sri Temasek?	John Frederick Adair
What is the country Tosca is from?	Finland
